academic (educator) - (noun) an educator who works at a college or university - e.g.
academy (secondary school) - (noun) a secondary school (usually private) - e.g.
academy (institution) - (noun) an institution for the advancement of art or science or literature - e.g.
academy (school) - (noun) a school for special training - e.g.
academy (establishment) - (noun) a learned establishment for the advancement of knowledge - e.g.
academy (establishment) - (noun) the right to enter - e.g.
access (right) - (noun) the right to obtain or make use of or take advantage of something (as services or membership) - e.g.
access (way) - (noun) a way of entering or leaving - e.g. he took a wrong turn on the access to the bridge
access (code) - (noun) a code (a series of characters or digits) that must be entered in some way (typed or dialed or spoken) to get the use of something (a telephone line or a computer or a local area network etc.) - e.g.
access (operation) - (noun) (computer science) the operation of reading or writing stored information - e.g.
access (approach) - (noun) the act of approaching or entering - e.g. he gained access to the building
access (recover) - (verb) obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer - e.g.
access (reach) - (verb) reach or gain access to - e.g. How does one access the attic in this house?
access (reach) - (verb) a record or narrative description of past events - e.g. a history of France
access (reach) - (verb) a short account of the news - e.g. the report of his speech
account (relationship) - (noun) a formal contractual relationship established to provide for regular banking or brokerage or business services - e.g. he asked to see the executive who handled his account
account (relationship) - (noun) a statement that makes something comprehensible by describing the relevant structure or operation or circumstances etc. - e.g. the explanation was very simple
account (relationship) - (noun) grounds - e.g. don't do it on my account
account (importance) - (noun) importance or value - e.g. a person of considerable account
account (statement) - (noun) a statement of recent transactions and the resulting balance - e.g. they send me an accounting every month
account (statement) - (noun) the act of informing by verbal report - e.g. he heard reports that they were causing trouble
account (statement) - (noun) an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered - e.g. he paid his bill and left
account (profit) - (noun) the quality of taking advantage - e.g. she turned her writing skills to good account
account (be) - (verb) be the sole or primary factor in the existence, acquisition, supply, or disposal of something - e.g. Passing grades account for half of the grades given in this exam
achieve (succeed) - (verb) to gain with effort - e.g. she achieved her goal despite setbacks
achieve (succeed) - (verb) the action of accomplishing something - e.g.
achieve (succeed) - (verb) come into the possession of something concrete or abstract - e.g. She got a lot of paintings from her uncle
achieve (succeed) - (verb) take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect - e.g. His voice took on a sad tone
achieve (succeed) - (verb) come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes) - e.g. He grew a beard
achieve (succeed) - (verb) locate (a moving entity) by means of a tracking system such as radar - e.g.
achieve (succeed) - (verb) win something through one's efforts - e.g. I acquired a passing knowledge of Chinese
achieve (succeed) - (verb) gain knowledge or skills - e.g. She learned dancing from her sister
achieve (succeed) - (verb) gain through experience - e.g. I acquired a strong aversion to television
addition (component) - (noun) a component that is added to something to improve it - e.g. the addition of a bathroom was a major improvement
addition (increase) - (noun) the act of adding one thing to another - e.g. the addition of flowers created a pleasing effect
addition (indefinite quantity) - (noun) a quantity that is added - e.g. there was an addition to property taxes this year
addition (indefinite quantity) - (noun) something added to what you already have - e.g. the librarian shelved the new accessions
addition (suburb) - (noun) a suburban area laid out in streets and lots for a future residential area - e.g.
addition (suburb) - (noun) the arithmetic operation of summing; calculating the sum of two or more numbers - e.g. the summation of four and three gives seven
administer (manage) - (verb) work in an administrative capacity; supervise or be in charge of - e.g. administer a program
administer (give) - (verb) perform (a church sacrament) ritually - e.g. administer the last unction
administer (give) - (verb) administer or bestow, as in small portions - e.g. administer critical remarks to everyone present
administer (treat) - (verb) give or apply (medications) - e.g.
administer (direct) - (verb) direct the taking of - e.g. administer an exam
administer (direct) - (verb) encouragement of the progress or growth or acceptance of something - e.g.
administer (direct) - (verb) the act of moving forward (as toward a goal) - e.g.
advancement (development) - (noun) gradual improvement or growth or development - e.g. advancement of knowledge
affect (feeling) - (noun) the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion - e.g.
affect (change) - (verb) have an effect upon - e.g. Will the new rules affect me?
affect (change) - (verb) act physically on; have an effect upon - e.g. the medicine affects my heart rate
affect (change) - (verb) connect closely and often incriminatingly - e.g. This new ruling affects your business
affect (change) - (verb) make believe with the intent to deceive - e.g. He feigned that he was ill
affect (change) - (verb) have an effect upon - e.g. Will the new rules affect me?
affect (change) - (verb) act physically on; have an effect upon - e.g. the medicine affects my heart rate
affect (change) - (verb) connect closely and often incriminatingly - e.g. This new ruling affects your business
affect (change) - (verb) make believe with the intent to deceive - e.g. He feigned that he was ill
affect (change) - (verb) have an emotional or cognitive impact upon - e.g. This child impressed me as unusually mature
affiliate (associate) - (noun) a subordinate or subsidiary associate; a person who is affiliated with another or with an organization - e.g.
affiliate (organization) - (noun) a subsidiary or subordinate organization that is affiliated with another organization - e.g. network affiliates
affiliate (organization) - (noun) keep company with; hang out with - e.g. He associates with strange people
affiliate (join) - (verb) join in an affiliation - e.g. The two colleges affiliated
albany (join) - (verb) one of a number of things from which only one can be chosen - e.g. what option did I have?
albany (join) - (verb) serving or used in place of another - e.g. an alternative plan
american (inhabitant) - (noun) a native or inhabitant of the United States - e.g.
american (english) - (noun) the English language as used in the United States - e.g.
american (inhabitant) - (noun) a native or inhabitant of a North American or Central American or South American country - e.g.
american (inhabitant) - (noun) a quantity of money - e.g. he borrowed a large sum
amount (magnitude) - (noun) the relative magnitude of something with reference to a criterion - e.g. an adequate amount of food for four people
amount (magnitude) - (noun) how much there is or how many there are of something that you can quantify - e.g.
amount (magnitude) - (noun) a quantity obtained by the addition of a group of numbers - e.g.
analysis (investigation) - (noun) an investigation of the component parts of a whole and their relations in making up the whole - e.g.
analysis (reasoning) - (noun) the abstract separation of a whole into its constituent parts in order to study the parts and their relations - e.g.
analysis (criticism) - (noun) a form of literary criticism in which the structure of a piece of writing is analyzed - e.g.
analysis (expressive style) - (noun) the use of closed-class words instead of inflections: e.g., `the father of the bride' instead of `the bride's father' - e.g.
analysis (calculus) - (noun) a branch of mathematics involving calculus and the theory of limits; sequences and series and integration and differentiation - e.g.
analysis (calculus) - (noun) a set of techniques for exploring underlying motives and a method of treating various mental disorders; based on the theories of Sigmund Freud - e.g. his physician recommended psychoanalysis
analyze (calculus) - (noun) consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning - e.g. analyze a sonnet by Shakespeare
analyze (calculus) - (noun) make a mathematical, chemical, or grammatical analysis of; break down into components or essential features - e.g. analyze a specimen
analyze (calculus) - (noun) break down into components or essential features - e.g. analyze today's financial market
analyze (calculus) - (noun) subject to psychoanalytic treatment - e.g. I was analyzed in Vienna by a famous psychiatrist
answer (statement) - (noun) a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation - e.g. I waited several days for his answer
answer (statement) - (noun) a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem - e.g. they were trying to find a peaceful solution
answer (reply) - (noun) the speech act of replying to a question - e.g.
answer (pleading) - (noun) the principal pleading by the defendant in response to plaintiff's complaint; in criminal law it consists of the defendant's plea of `guilty' or `not guilty' (or nolo contendere); in civil ... - e.g.
answer (reaction) - (noun) a nonverbal reaction - e.g. his answer to any problem was to get drunk
answer (state) - (verb) react verbally - e.g. She didn't want to answer
answer (react) - (verb) respond to a signal - e.g. answer the door
answer (solve) - (verb) give the correct answer or solution to - e.g. answer a question
answer (solve) - (verb) understand the meaning of - e.g. The question concerning the meaning of life cannot be answered
answer (refute) - (verb) give a defence or refutation of (a charge) or in (an argument) - e.g. The defendant answered to all the charges of the prosecution
answer (be) - (verb) be liable or accountable - e.g. She must answer for her actions
answer (be) - (verb) be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity - e.g. A few words would answer
answer (match) - (verb) match or correspond - e.g. The drawing of the suspect answers to the description the victim gave
answer (meet) - (verb) be satisfactory for; meet the requirements of or serve the purpose of - e.g. This may answer her needs
answer (react) - (verb) react to a stimulus or command - e.g. The steering of my new car answers to the slightest touch
application (use) - (noun) the act of bringing something to bear; using it for a particular purpose - e.g. he advocated the application of statistics to the problem
application (request) - (noun) a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school - e.g. December 31 is the deadline for applications
application (manual labor) - (noun) the work of applying something;  - e.g. the doctor prescribed a topical application of iodine
application (program) - (noun) a program that gives a computer instructions that provide the user with tools to accomplish a task - e.g. he has tried several different word processing applications
application (program) - (noun) liquid preparation having a soothing or antiseptic or medicinal action when applied to the skin - e.g. a lotion for dry skin
application (effort) - (noun) a diligent effort - e.g. it is a job requiring serious application
application (action) - (noun) the action of putting something into operation - e.g. the application of maximum thrust
approach (conceptualization) - (noun) ideas or actions intended to deal with a problem or situation - e.g. his approach to every problem is to draw up a list of pros and cons
approach (motion) - (noun) the act of drawing spatially closer to something - e.g. the hunter's approach scattered the geese
approach (motion) - (noun) a way of entering or leaving - e.g. he took a wrong turn on the access to the bridge
approach (air lane) - (noun) the final path followed by an aircraft as it is landing - e.g.
approach (movement) - (noun) the event of one object coming closer to another - e.g.
approach (movement) - (noun) a tentative suggestion designed to elicit the reactions of others - e.g. she rejected his advances
approach (timing) - (noun) the temporal property of becoming nearer in time - e.g. the approach of winter
approach (similarity) - (noun) a close approximation - e.g. the nearest approach to genius
approach (golf stroke) - (noun) a relatively short golf shot intended to put the ball onto the putting green - e.g. he lost the hole when his approach rolled over the green
approach (come) - (verb) move towards - e.g. We were approaching our destination
approach (come) - (verb) come near or verge on, resemble, come nearer in quality, or character - e.g. This borders on discrimination!
approach (come) - (verb) begin to deal with - e.g. approach a task
approach (come) - (verb) come near in time - e.g. Winter is approaching
approach (address) - (verb) make advances to someone, usually with a proposal or suggestion - e.g. I was approached by the President to serve as his adviser in foreign matters
approach (address) - (verb) give or assign a resource to a particular person or cause - e.g. I will earmark this money for your research
appropriate (assume) - (verb) take possession of by force, as after an invasion - e.g. the invaders seized the land and property of the inhabitants
approximate (resemble) - (verb) be close or similar - e.g. Her results approximate my own
approximate (resemble) - (verb) judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time) - e.g. I estimate this chicken to weigh three pounds
approximate (resemble) - (verb) an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth - e.g. an estimate of what it would cost
approximation (similarity) - (noun) the quality of coming near to identity (especially close in quantity) - e.g.
approximation (version) - (noun) an imprecise or incomplete account - e.g. newspapers gave only an approximation of the actual events
approximation (joining) - (noun) the act of bringing near or bringing together especially the cut edges of tissue - e.g.
area (region) - (noun) a particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually serving some special purpose or distinguished by its people or culture or geography) - e.g. it was a mountainous area
area (topic) - (noun) a subject of study - e.g. it was his area of specialization
area (body part) - (noun) a part of an animal that has a special function or is supplied by a given artery or nerve - e.g. in the abdominal region
area (body part) - (noun) a particular environment or walk of life - e.g. his social sphere is limited
area (structure) - (noun) a part of a structure having some specific characteristic or function - e.g. the spacious cooking area provided plenty of room for servants
area (extent) - (noun) the extent of a 2-dimensional surface enclosed within a boundary - e.g. the area of a rectangle
argue (present) - (verb) present reasons and arguments - e.g.
argue (converse) - (verb) have an argument about something - e.g.
argue (present) - (verb) give evidence of - e.g. The evidence argues for your claim
argue (present) - (verb) present reasons and arguments - e.g.
argue (present) - (verb) have an argument about something - e.g.
argue (present) - (verb) give evidence of - e.g. The evidence argues for your claim
argument (evidence) - (noun) a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true - e.g. it was a strong argument that his hypothesis was true
argument (evidence) - (noun) a contentious speech act; a dispute where there is strong disagreement - e.g. they were involved in a violent argument
argument (discussion) - (noun) a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and against some proposition or proposal - e.g. the argument over foreign aid goes on and on
argument (summary) - (noun) a summary of the subject or plot of a literary work or play or movie - e.g. the editor added the argument to the poem
argument (value) - (noun) (computer science) a reference or value that is passed to a function, procedure, subroutine, command, or program - e.g.
argument (variable) - (noun) a variable in a logical or mathematical expression whose value determines the dependent variable; if f(x)=y, x is the independent variable - e.g.
argument (reasoning) - (noun) a course of reasoning aimed at demonstrating a truth or falsehood; the methodical process of logical reasoning - e.g. I can't follow your line of reasoning
article (piece) - (noun) nonfictional prose forming an independent part of a publication - e.g.
article (artifact) - (noun) one of a class of artifacts - e.g. an article of clothing
article (section) - (noun) a separate section of a legal document (as a statute or contract or will) - e.g.
article (determiner) - (noun) (grammar) a determiner that may indicate the specificity of reference of a noun phrase - e.g.
article (oblige) - (verb) bind by a contract; especially for a training period - e.g.
aspect (feature) - (noun) a distinct feature or element in a problem - e.g. he studied every facet of the question
aspect (characteristic) - (noun) a characteristic to be considered - e.g.
aspect (characteristic) - (noun) the visual percept of a region - e.g. the most desirable feature of the park are the beautiful views
aspect (grammatical relation) - (noun) the beginning or duration or completion or repetition of the action of a verb - e.g.
aspect (grammatical relation) - (noun) the feelings expressed on a person's face - e.g. a sad expression
aspect (grammatical relation) - (noun) a distinct feature or element in a problem - e.g. he studied every facet of the question
aspect (grammatical relation) - (noun) a characteristic to be considered - e.g.
aspect (grammatical relation) - (noun) the visual percept of a region - e.g. the most desirable feature of the park are the beautiful views
aspect (grammatical relation) - (noun) the beginning or duration or completion or repetition of the action of a verb - e.g.
aspect (grammatical relation) - (noun) the feelings expressed on a person's face - e.g. a sad expression
aspect (grammatical relation) - (noun) the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on - e.g. he deserves a good kick in the butt
aspect (grammatical relation) - (noun) a pompous fool - e.g.
aspect (grammatical relation) - (noun) hardy and sure-footed animal smaller and with longer ears than the horse - e.g.
aspect (grammatical relation) - (noun) slang for sexual intercourse - e.g.
aspect (grammatical relation) - (noun) evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of - e.g. I will have the family jewels appraised by a professional
assess (charge) - (verb) charge (a person or a property) with a payment, such as a tax or a fine - e.g.
assess (charge) - (verb) set or determine the amount of (a payment such as a fine) - e.g.
assess (estimate) - (verb) estimate the value of (property) for taxation - e.g. Our house hasn't been assessed in years
assess (estimate) - (verb) the classification of someone or something with respect to its worth - e.g.
assessment (charge) - (noun) an amount determined as payable - e.g. the assessment for repairs outraged the club's membership
assessment (monetary value) - (noun) the market value set on assets - e.g.
assessment (monetary value) - (noun) the act of judging or assessing a person or situation or event - e.g. they criticized my judgment of the contestants
assessment (monetary value) - (noun) the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose - e.g. he gave me an assist with the housework
assist (maneuver) - (noun) (sports) the act of enabling another player to make a good play - e.g.
assist (maneuver) - (noun) give help or assistance; be of service - e.g. Everyone helped out during the earthquake
assist (work) - (verb) act as an assistant in a subordinate or supportive function - e.g.
assist (work) - (verb) work for or be a servant to - e.g. May I serve you?
assist (work) - (verb) give help or assistance; be of service - e.g. Everyone helped out during the earthquake
assist (work) - (verb) act as an assistant in a subordinate or supportive function - e.g.
assist (work) - (verb) work for or be a servant to - e.g. May I serve you?
assume (expect) - (verb) take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof - e.g. I assume his train was late
assume (take office) - (verb) take on titles, offices, duties, responsibilities - e.g. When will the new President assume office?
assume (change) - (verb) take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect - e.g. His voice took on a sad tone
assume (change) - (verb) take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person - e.g. I'll accept the charges
assume (move) - (verb) occupy or take on - e.g. He assumes the lotus position
assume (take) - (verb) seize and take control without authority and possibly with force; take as one's right or possession - e.g. He assumed to himself the right to fill all positions in the town
assume (take) - (verb) make a pretence of - e.g. She assumed indifference, even though she was seething with anger
assume (receive) - (verb) take up someone's soul into heaven - e.g. This is the day when May was assumed into heaven
assume (receive) - (verb) put clothing on one's body - e.g. What should I wear today?
assume (receive) - (verb) take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof - e.g. I assume his train was late
assume (receive) - (verb) take on titles, offices, duties, responsibilities - e.g. When will the new President assume office?
assume (receive) - (verb) take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect - e.g. His voice took on a sad tone
assume (receive) - (verb) take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person - e.g. I'll accept the charges
assume (receive) - (verb) occupy or take on - e.g. He assumes the lotus position
assume (receive) - (verb) seize and take control without authority and possibly with force; take as one's right or possession - e.g. He assumed to himself the right to fill all positions in the town
assume (receive) - (verb) make a pretence of - e.g. She assumed indifference, even though she was seething with anger
assume (receive) - (verb) take up someone's soul into heaven - e.g. This is the day when May was assumed into heaven
assume (receive) - (verb) put clothing on one's body - e.g. What should I wear today?
assumed (receive) - (verb) take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof - e.g. I assume his train was late
assumed (receive) - (verb) take on titles, offices, duties, responsibilities - e.g. When will the new President assume office?
assumed (receive) - (verb) take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect - e.g. His voice took on a sad tone
assumed (receive) - (verb) take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person - e.g. I'll accept the charges
assumed (receive) - (verb) occupy or take on - e.g. He assumes the lotus position
assumed (receive) - (verb) seize and take control without authority and possibly with force; take as one's right or possession - e.g. He assumed to himself the right to fill all positions in the town
assumed (receive) - (verb) make a pretence of - e.g. She assumed indifference, even though she was seething with anger
assumed (receive) - (verb) take up someone's soul into heaven - e.g. This is the day when May was assumed into heaven
assumed (receive) - (verb) put clothing on one's body - e.g. What should I wear today?
assumed (receive) - (verb) excessively forward - e.g. an assumptive person
assumed (receive) - (verb) a construct whereby objects or individuals can be distinguished - e.g. self-confidence is not an endearing property
attribute (abstraction) - (noun) an abstraction belonging to or characteristic of an entity - e.g.
attribute (abstraction) - (noun) attribute or credit to - e.g. We attributed this quotation to Shakespeare
attribute (abstraction) - (noun) decide as to where something belongs in a scheme - e.g. The biologist assigned the mushroom to the proper class
attribute (abstraction) - (noun) attribute or credit to - e.g. We attributed this quotation to Shakespeare
attribute (abstraction) - (noun) decide as to where something belongs in a scheme - e.g. The biologist assigned the mushroom to the proper class
attribute (abstraction) - (noun) writes (books or stories or articles or the like) professionally (for pay) - e.g.
attribute (abstraction) - (noun) someone who originates or causes or initiates something - e.g. he was the generator of several complaints
author (write) - (verb) be the author of - e.g. She authored this play
authority (control) - (noun) the power or right to give orders or make decisions - e.g. he has the authority to issue warrants
authority (person) - (noun) (usually plural) persons who exercise (administrative) control over others - e.g. the authorities have issued a curfew
authority (expert) - (noun) an expert whose views are taken as definitive - e.g. he is an authority on corporate law
authority (expert) - (noun) freedom from doubt; belief in yourself and your abilities - e.g. his assurance in his superiority did not make him popular
authority (expert) - (noun) an administrative unit of government - e.g. the Central Intelligence Agency
authority (permission) - (noun) official permission or approval - e.g. authority for the program was renewed several times
authority (book) - (noun) an authoritative written work - e.g. this book is the final authority on the life of Milton
award (grant) - (noun) a grant made by a law court - e.g. he criticized the awarding of compensation by the court
award (symbol) - (noun) a tangible symbol signifying approval or distinction - e.g. an award for bravery
award (symbol) - (noun) something given for victory or superiority in a contest or competition or for winning a lottery - e.g. the prize was a free trip to Europe
award (allocate) - (verb) give, especially as an honor or reward - e.g. bestow honors and prizes at graduation
award (give) - (verb) give as judged due or on the basis of merit - e.g. the referee awarded a free kick to the team
benefit (payment) - (noun) financial assistance in time of need - e.g.
benefit (good) - (noun) something that aids or promotes well-being - e.g. for the benefit of all
benefit (performance) - (noun) a performance to raise money for a charitable cause - e.g.
benefit (performance) - (noun) derive a benefit from - e.g. She profited from his vast experience
benefit (help) - (verb) be beneficial for - e.g. This will do you good
book (publication) - (noun) a written work or composition that has been published (printed on pages bound together) - e.g. I am reading a good book on economics
book (product) - (noun) physical objects consisting of a number of pages bound together - e.g. he used a large book as a doorstop
book (product) - (noun) a compilation of the known facts regarding something or someone - e.g. Al Smith used to say, `Let's look at the record'
book (product) - (noun) a written version of a play or other dramatic composition; used in preparing for a performance - e.g.
book (product) - (noun) a record in which commercial accounts are recorded - e.g. they got a subpoena to examine our books
book (collection) - (noun) a collection of playing cards satisfying the rules of a card game - e.g.
book (collection) - (noun) a collection of rules or prescribed standards on the basis of which decisions are made - e.g. they run things by the book around here
book (collection) - (noun) the sacred writings of Islam revealed by God to the prophet Muhammad during his life at Mecca and Medina - e.g.
book (collection) - (noun) the sacred writings of the Christian religions - e.g. he went to carry the Word to the heathen
book (section) - (noun) a major division of a long written composition - e.g. the book of Isaiah
book (product) - (noun) a number of sheets (ticket or stamps etc.) bound together on one edge - e.g. he bought a book of stamps
book (schedule) - (verb) engage for a performance - e.g. Her agent had booked her for several concerts in Tokyo
book (schedule) - (verb) arrange for and reserve (something for someone else) in advance - e.g. reserve me a seat on a flight
book (record) - (verb) record a charge in a police register - e.g. The policeman booked her when she tried to solicit a man
book (register) - (verb) register in a hotel booker - e.g.
business (enterprise) - (noun) a commercial or industrial enterprise and the people who constitute it - e.g. he bought his brother's business
business (enterprise) - (noun) the activity of providing goods and services involving financial and commercial and industrial aspects - e.g. computers are now widely used in business
business (enterprise) - (noun) the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money - e.g. he's not in my line of business
business (concern) - (noun) a rightful concern or responsibility - e.g. it's none of your business
business (aim) - (noun) an immediate objective - e.g. gossip was the main business of the evening
business (business activity) - (noun) the volume of commercial activity - e.g. business is good today
business (sector) - (noun) business concerns collectively - e.g. Government and business could not agree
business (sector) - (noun) customers collectively - e.g. they have an upper class clientele
business (acting) - (noun) incidental activity performed by an actor for dramatic effect - e.g. his business with the cane was hilarious
call (telephone) - (noun) a telephone connection - e.g. she reported several anonymous calls
call (inclination) - (noun) a special disposition (as if from a divine source) to pursue a particular course - e.g. he was disappointed that he had not heard the Call
call (inclination) - (noun) a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition - e.g. the speaker was interrupted by loud cries from the rear of the audience
call (demand) - (noun) a demand especially in the phrase "the call of duty" - e.g.
call (demand) - (noun) the characteristic sound produced by a bird - e.g. a bird will not learn its song unless it hears it at an early age
call (visit) - (noun) a brief social visit - e.g. senior professors' wives no longer make afternoon calls on newcomers
call (visit) - (noun) a demand by a broker that a customer deposit enough to bring his margin up to the minimum requirement - e.g.
call (demand) - (noun) a demand for a show of hands in a card game - e.g. after two raises there was a call
call (request) - (noun) a request - e.g. many calls for Christmas stories
call (instruction) - (noun) an instruction that interrupts the program being executed - e.g. Pascal performs calls by simply giving the name of the routine to be executed
call (visit) - (noun) a visit in an official or professional capacity - e.g. the pastor's calls on his parishioners
call (decision) - (noun) (sports) the decision made by an umpire or referee - e.g. he was ejected for protesting the call
call (option) - (noun) the option to buy a given stock (or stock index or commodity future) at a given price before a given date - e.g.
call (option) - (noun) assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to - e.g. They named their son David
call (label) - (verb) ascribe a quality to or give a name of a common noun that reflects a quality - e.g. He called me a bastard
call (telecommunicate) - (verb) get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone - e.g. I tried to call you all night
call (telecommunicate) - (verb) utter a sudden loud cry - e.g. she cried with pain when the doctor inserted the needle
call (order) - (verb) order, request, or command to come - e.g. She was called into the director's office
call (order) - (verb) pay a brief visit - e.g. The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens
call (request) - (verb) call a meeting; invite or command to meet - e.g. The Wannsee Conference was called to discuss the `Final Solution'
call (read) - (verb) read aloud to check for omissions or absentees - e.g. Call roll
call (telecommunicate) - (verb) send a message or attempt to reach someone by radio, phone, etc.; make a signal to in order to transmit a message - e.g. Hawaii is calling!
call (utter) - (verb) utter a characteristic note or cry - e.g. bluejays called to one another
call (postpone) - (verb) stop or postpone because of adverse conditions, such as bad weather - e.g. call a football game
call (postpone) - (verb) greet, as with a prescribed form, title, or name - e.g. He always addresses me with `Sir'
call (stop) - (verb) make a stop in a harbour - e.g. The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow
call (demand) - (verb) demand payment of (a loan) - e.g. Call a loan
call (demand) - (verb) make a demand, as for a card or a suit or a show of hands - e.g. He called his trump
cambridge (demand) - (verb) a politician who is running for public office - e.g.
candidate (person) - (noun) someone who is considered for something (for an office or prize or honor etc.) - e.g.
candidate (person) - (noun) a politician who is running for public office - e.g.
candidate (person) - (noun) someone who is considered for something (for an office or prize or honor etc.) - e.g.
careful (person) - (noun) a collection of things sharing a common attribute - e.g. there are two classes of detergents
careful (person) - (noun) a general concept that marks divisions or coordinations in a conceptual scheme - e.g.
careful (person) - (noun) a collection of things sharing a common attribute - e.g. there are two classes of detergents
category (concept) - (noun) a general concept that marks divisions or coordinations in a conceptual scheme - e.g.
center (area) - (noun) an area that is approximately central within some larger region - e.g. it is in the center of town
center (tract) - (noun) the piece of ground in the outfield directly ahead of the catcher - e.g. he hit the ball to deep center
center (building) - (noun) a building dedicated to a particular activity - e.g. they were raising money to build a new center for research
center (point) - (noun) a point equidistant from the ends of a line or the extremities of a figure - e.g.
center (point) - (noun) the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience - e.g. the gist of the prosecutor's argument
center (object) - (noun) the object upon which interest and attention focuses - e.g. his stories made him the center of the party
center (neural structure) - (noun) a cluster of nerve cells governing a specific bodily process - e.g. in most people the speech center is in the left hemisphere
center (formation) - (noun) the middle of a military or naval formation - e.g. they had to reinforce the center
center (basketball player) - (noun) (basketball) the person who plays center on a basketball team - e.g.
center (lineman) - (noun) (football) the person who plays center on the line of scrimmage and snaps the ball to the quarterback - e.g. the center fumbled the handoff
center (place) - (noun) a place where some particular activity is concentrated - e.g. they received messages from several centers
center (class) - (noun) politically moderate persons; centrists - e.g.
center (hockey player) - (noun) (ice hockey) the person who plays center on a hockey team - e.g.
center (sweet) - (noun) the sweet central portion of a piece of candy that is enclosed in chocolate or some other covering - e.g.
center (sweet) - (noun) mercantile establishment consisting of a carefully landscaped complex of shops representing leading merchandisers; usually includes restaurants and a convenient parking area; a modern versi... - e.g. a good plaza should have a movie house
center (position) - (noun) the position on a hockey team of the player who participates in the face off at the beginning of the game - e.g.
center (lineman) - (noun) (American football) the position of the player on the line of scrimmage who puts the ball in play - e.g. it is a center's responsibility to get the football to the quarterback
center (position) - (noun) a position on a basketball team of the player who participates in the jump that starts the game - e.g.
center (position) - (noun) center upon - e.g. Her entire attention centered on her children
center (position) - (noun) direct one's attention on something - e.g. Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies
center (move) - (verb) move into the center - e.g. That vase in the picture is not centered
chair (seat) - (noun) a seat for one person, with a support for the back - e.g. he put his coat over the back of the chair and sat down
chair (seat) - (noun) the position of professor - e.g. he was awarded an endowed chair in economics
chair (seat) - (noun) the officer who presides at the meetings of an organization - e.g. address your remarks to the chairperson
chair (seat) - (noun) an instrument of execution by electrocution; resembles an ordinary seat for one person - e.g. the murderer was sentenced to die in the chair
chair (seat) - (noun) a particular seat in an orchestra - e.g. he is second chair violin
chair (head) - (verb) act or preside as chair, as of an academic department in a university - e.g. She chaired the department for many years
chair (head) - (verb) preside over - e.g. John moderated the discussion
challenge (situation) - (noun) a demanding or stimulating situation - e.g. they reacted irrationally to the challenge of Russian power
challenge (speech act) - (noun) a call to engage in a contest or fight - e.g.
challenge (questioning) - (noun) questioning a statement and demanding an explanation - e.g. his challenge of the assumption that Japan is still our enemy
challenge (objection) - (noun) a formal objection to the selection of a particular person as a juror - e.g.
challenge (demand) - (noun) a demand by a sentry for a password or identification - e.g.
challenge (contest) - (verb) take exception to - e.g. She challenged his claims
challenge (invite) - (verb) issue a challenge to - e.g. Fischer challenged Spassky to a match
challenge (request) - (verb) ask for identification - e.g. The illegal immigrant was challenged by the border guard
challenge (object) - (verb) raise a formal objection in a court of law - e.g.
chapter (section) - (noun) a subdivision of a written work; usually numbered and titled - e.g. he read a chapter every night before falling asleep
chapter (phase) - (noun) any distinct period in history or in a person's life - e.g. the industrial revolution opened a new chapter in British history
chapter (club) - (noun) a local branch of some fraternity or association - e.g. he joined the Atlanta chapter
chapter (assembly) - (noun) an ecclesiastical assembly of the monks in a monastery or even of the canons of a church - e.g.
chapter (episode) - (noun) a series of related events forming an episode - e.g. a chapter of disasters
chapter (episode) - (noun) a prominent attribute or aspect of something - e.g. the map showed roads and other features
characteristic (quality) - (noun) a distinguishing quality - e.g.
characteristic (integer) - (noun) the integer part (positive or negative) of the representation of a logarithm; in the expression log 643 = 2.808 the characteristic is 2 - e.g.
characteristic (property) - (noun) any measurable property of a device measured under closely specified conditions - e.g.
circumstance (condition) - (noun) a condition that accompanies or influences some event or activity - e.g.
circumstance (condition) - (noun) the set of facts or circumstances that surround a situation or event - e.g. the historical context
circumstance (information) - (noun) information that should be kept in mind when making a decision - e.g. another consideration is the time it would take
circumstance (ceremony) - (noun) formal ceremony about important occasions - e.g. pomp and circumstance
citation (award) - (noun) an official award (as for bravery or service) usually given as formal public statement - e.g.
citation (speech act) - (noun) (law) the act of citing (as of spoken words or written passages or legal precedents etc.) - e.g.
citation (note) - (noun) a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage - e.g. the student's essay failed to list several important citations
citation (note) - (noun) a passage or expression that is quoted or cited - e.g.
citation (summons) - (noun) a summons that commands the appearance of a party at a proceeding - e.g.
citation (summons) - (noun) a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage - e.g. the student's essay failed to list several important citations
citation (summons) - (noun) make reference to - e.g. His name was mentioned in connection with the invention
citation (summons) - (noun) commend - e.g. he was cited for his outstanding achievements
citation (summons) - (noun) refer to - e.g. he referenced his colleagues' work
citation (summons) - (noun) repeat a passage from - e.g. He quoted the Bible to her
citation (summons) - (noun) refer to for illustration or proof - e.g. He said he could quote several instances of this behavior
citation (summons) - (noun) advance evidence for - e.g.
citation (summons) - (noun) call in an official matter, such as to attend court - e.g.
class (collection) - (noun) a collection of things sharing a common attribute - e.g. there are two classes of detergents
class (gathering) - (noun) a body of students who are taught together - e.g. early morning classes are always sleepy
class (people) - (noun) people having the same social, economic, or educational status - e.g. the working class
class (people) - (noun) education imparted in a series of lessons or meetings - e.g. he took a course in basket weaving
class (league) - (noun) a league ranked by quality - e.g. he played baseball in class D for two years
class (gathering) - (noun) a body of students who graduate together - e.g. the class of '97
class (taxonomic group) - (noun) (biology) a taxonomic group containing one or more orders - e.g.
class (elegance) - (noun) elegance in dress or behavior - e.g. she has a lot of class
class (categorize) - (verb) arrange or order by classes or categories - e.g. How would you classify these pottery shards--are they prehistoric?
code (written communication) - (noun) a set of rules or principles or laws (especially written ones) - e.g.
code (coding system) - (noun) a coding system used for transmitting messages requiring brevity or secrecy - e.g.
code (coding system) - (noun) (computer science) the symbolic arrangement of data or instructions in a computer program or the set of such instructions - e.g.
code (tag) - (verb) attach a code to - e.g. Code the pieces with numbers so that you can identify them later
code (encode) - (verb) convert ordinary language into code - e.g. We should encode the message for security reasons
collaboration (cooperation) - (noun) act of working jointly - e.g. they worked either in collaboration or independently
collaboration (cooperation) - (noun) act of cooperating traitorously with an enemy that is occupying your country - e.g.
college (body) - (noun) the body of faculty and students of a college - e.g.
college (educational institution) - (noun) an institution of higher education created to educate and grant degrees; often a part of a university - e.g.
college (building complex) - (noun) a complex of buildings in which an institution of higher education is housed - e.g.
college (building complex) - (noun) a statement that expresses a personal opinion or belief or adds information - e.g. from time to time she contributed a personal comment on his account
comment (statement) - (noun) a written explanation or criticism or illustration that is added to a book or other textual material - e.g. he wrote an extended comment on the proposal
comment (statement) - (noun) a report (often malicious) about the behavior of other people - e.g. the divorce caused much gossip
comment (note) - (verb) make or write a comment on - e.g. he commented the paper of his colleague
comment (explain) - (verb) explain or interpret something - e.g.
comment (explain) - (verb) provide interlinear explanations for words or phrases - e.g. He annotated on what his teacher had written
comment (explain) - (verb) put into commission; equip for service; of ships - e.g.
comment (explain) - (verb) place an order for - e.g.
comment (explain) - (verb) charge with a task - e.g.
commissioned (explain) - (verb) perform an act, usually with a negative connotation - e.g. perpetrate a crime
commissioned (explain) - (verb) give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause - e.g. She committed herself to the work of God
commissioned (explain) - (verb) cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution - e.g. After the second episode, she had to be committed
commissioned (explain) - (verb) confer a trust upon - e.g. The messenger was entrusted with the general's secret
commissioned (explain) - (verb) make an investment - e.g. Put money into bonds
commissioned (explain) - (verb) engage in or perform - e.g. practice safe sex
committee (administrative unit) - (noun) a special group delegated to consider some matter - e.g. a committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours" Milton Berle
committee (nongovernmental organization) - (noun) a self-constituted organization to promote something - e.g.
communication (act) - (noun) the activity of communicating; the activity of conveying information - e.g. they could not act without official communication from Moscow
communication (abstraction) - (noun) something that is communicated by or to or between people or groups - e.g.
communication (connection) - (noun) a connection allowing access between persons or places - e.g. how many lines of communication can there be among four people?
community (gathering) - (noun) a group of people living in a particular local area - e.g. the team is drawn from all parts of the community
community (ownership) - (noun) common ownership - e.g. they shared a community of possessions
community (world organization) - (noun) a group of nations having common interests - e.g. they hoped to join the NATO community
community (agreement) - (noun) agreement as to goals - e.g. the preachers and the bootleggers found they had a community of interests
community (agreement) - (noun) a district where people live; occupied primarily by private residences - e.g.
community (group) - (noun) (ecology) a group of interdependent organisms inhabiting the same region and interacting with each other - e.g.
complex (whole) - (noun) a conceptual whole made up of complicated and related parts - e.g. the complex of shopping malls, houses, and roads created a new town
complex (compound) - (noun) a compound described in terms of the central atom to which other atoms are bound or coordinated - e.g.
complex (feeling) - (noun) (psychoanalysis) a combination of emotions and impulses that have been rejected from awareness but still influence a person's behavior - e.g.
complex (feeling) - (noun) a whole structure (as a building) made up of interconnected or related structures - e.g.
component (part) - (noun) an abstract part of something - e.g. jealousy was a component of his character
component (part) - (noun) something determined in relation to something that includes it - e.g. he wanted to feel a part of something bigger than himself
component (part) - (noun) an artifact that is one of the individual parts of which a composite entity is made up; especially a part that can be separated from or attached to a system - e.g. spare components for cars
component (part) - (noun) the procedure of calculating; determining something by mathematical or logical methods - e.g.
component (part) - (noun) problem solving that involves numbers or quantities - e.g.
component (part) - (noun) make a mathematical calculation or computation - e.g.
component (part) - (noun) make a mathematical calculation or computation - e.g.
concept (idea) - (noun) an abstract or general idea inferred or derived from specific instances - e.g.
concept (idea) - (noun) decide by reasoning; draw or come to a conclusion - e.g. We reasoned that it was cheaper to rent than to buy a house
conclude (end) - (verb) bring to a close - e.g. The committee concluded the meeting
conclude (agree) - (verb) reach a conclusion after a discussion or deliberation - e.g.
conclude (end) - (verb) come to a close - e.g. The concert closed with a nocturne by Chopin
conclude (agree) - (verb) reach agreement on - e.g. They concluded an economic agreement
conclude (agree) - (verb) a position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration - e.g. a decision unfavorable to the opposition
conclusion (assumption) - (noun) an intuitive assumption - e.g. jump to a conclusion
conclusion (assumption) - (noun) the temporal end; the concluding time - e.g. the stopping point of each round was signaled by a bell
conclusion (assumption) - (noun) event whose occurrence ends something - e.g. his death marked the ending of an era
conclusion (proposition) - (noun) the proposition arrived at by logical reasoning (such as the proposition that must follow from the major and minor premises of a syllogism) - e.g.
conclusion (proposition) - (noun) the act of ending something - e.g. the termination of the agreement
conclusion (settlement) - (noun) a final settlement - e.g. the conclusion of a business deal
conclusion (section) - (noun) the last section of a communication - e.g. in conclusion I want to say...
conclusion (section) - (noun) the act of making up your mind about something - e.g. the burden of decision was his
conclusive (section) - (noun) manner of acting or controlling yourself - e.g.
conclusive (section) - (noun) (behavioral attributes) the way a person behaves toward other people - e.g.
conduct (manage) - (verb) direct the course of; manage or control - e.g. You cannot conduct business like this
conduct (perform) - (verb) lead, as in the performance of a composition; Barenboim conducted the Chicago symphony for years" - e.g. conduct an orchestra
conduct (perform) - (verb) behave in a certain manner - e.g. She carried herself well
conduct (perform) - (verb) take somebody somewhere - e.g. We lead him to our chief
conduct (perform) - (verb) transmit or serve as the medium for transmission - e.g. Sound carries well over water
conduct (perform) - (verb) lead musicians in the performance of - e.g. Bernstein conducted Mahler like no other conductor
conference (meeting) - (noun) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of information or discussion (especially one with a formal agenda) - e.g.
conference (meeting) - (noun) an association of sports teams that organizes matches for its members - e.g.
conference (discussion) - (noun) a discussion among participants who have an agreed (serious) topic - e.g.
consequence (phenomenon) - (noun) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon - e.g. the magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise
consequence (result) - (noun) the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual - e.g.
consequence (significance) - (noun) having important effects or influence - e.g. decisions of great consequence are made by the president himself
consequence (significance) - (noun) following or accompanying as a consequence - e.g. an excessive growth of bureaucracy, with attendant problems
considerable (significance) - (noun) originate (in) - e.g. The problems dwell in the social injustices in this country
consist (be) - (verb) have its essential character; be comprised or contained in; be embodied in - e.g. The payment consists in food
consist (match) - (verb) be consistent in form, tenor, or character; be congruous - e.g. Desires are to be satisfied only so far as consists with an approved end
consist (be) - (verb) be composed of - e.g. The land he conquered comprised several provinces
consist (be) - (verb) originate (in) - e.g. The problems dwell in the social injustices in this country
consist (be) - (verb) have its essential character; be comprised or contained in; be embodied in - e.g. The payment consists in food
consist (be) - (verb) be consistent in form, tenor, or character; be congruous - e.g. Desires are to be satisfied only so far as consists with an approved end
consist (be) - (verb) be composed of - e.g. The land he conquered comprised several provinces
consist (be) - (verb) originate (in) - e.g. The problems dwell in the social injustices in this country
consist (be) - (verb) have its essential character; be comprised or contained in; be embodied in - e.g. The payment consists in food
consist (be) - (verb) be consistent in form, tenor, or character; be congruous - e.g. Desires are to be satisfied only so far as consists with an approved end
consist (be) - (verb) be composed of - e.g. The land he conquered comprised several provinces
constant (quantity) - (noun) a quantity that does not vary - e.g.
constant (number) - (noun) a number representing a quantity assumed to have a fixed value in a specified mathematical context - e.g. the velocity of light is a constant
constant (number) - (noun) unvarying in nature - e.g. maintained a constant temperature
constitute (number) - (noun) form or compose - e.g. This money is my only income
constitute (number) - (noun) create and charge with a task or function - e.g. nominate a committee
constitute (number) - (noun) to compose or represent:"This wall forms the background of the stage setting" - e.g. The branches made a roof
constitute (number) - (noun) set up or lay the groundwork for - e.g. establish a new department
constitute (number) - (noun) hold back - e.g.
constitute (number) - (noun) restrict - e.g. Tighten the rules
constitute (number) - (noun) an abstract or general idea inferred or derived from specific instances - e.g.
construct (make) - (verb) make by combining materials and parts - e.g. this little pig made his house out of straw
construct (make) - (verb) put together out of artificial or natural components or parts; He manufactured a popular cereal" - e.g. the company fabricates plastic chairs
construct (trace) - (verb) draw with suitable instruments and under specified conditions - e.g. construct an equilateral triangle
construct (create by mental act) - (verb) create by linking linguistic units - e.g. construct a sentence
construct (create by mental act) - (verb) create by organizing and linking ideas, arguments, or concepts - e.g. construct a proof
construct (create by mental act) - (verb) reassemble mentally - e.g. reconstruct the events of 20 years ago
construction (creating from raw materials) - (noun) the act of constructing something - e.g. during the construction we had to take a detour
construction (constituent) - (noun) a group of words that form a constituent of a sentence and are considered as a single unit - e.g. I concluded from his awkward constructions that he was a foreigner
construction (thinking) - (noun) the creation of a construct; the process of combining ideas into a congruous object of thought - e.g.
construction (thinking) - (noun) a thing constructed; a complex entity constructed of many parts - e.g. the structure consisted of a series of arches
construction (mathematical process) - (noun) drawing a figure satisfying certain conditions as part of solving a problem or proving a theorem - e.g. the assignment was to make a construction that could be used in proving the Pythagorean theorem
construction (interpretation) - (noun) an interpretation of a text or action - e.g. they put an unsympathetic construction on his conduct
construction (commercial enterprise) - (noun) the commercial activity involved in repairing old structures or constructing new ones - e.g. their main business is home construction
construction (commercial enterprise) - (noun) eat immoderately - e.g. Some people can down a pound of meat in the course of one meal
contact (interaction) - (noun) close interaction - e.g. they kept in daily contact
contact (touch) - (noun) the act of touching physically - e.g. her fingers came in contact with the light switch
contact (connection) - (noun) the state or condition of touching or of being in immediate proximity - e.g. litmus paper turns red on contact with an acid
contact (happening) - (noun) the physical coming together of two or more things - e.g. contact with the pier scraped paint from the hull
contact (representative) - (noun) a person who is in a position to give you special assistance - e.g. he used his business contacts to get an introduction to the governor
contact (representative) - (noun) a channel for communication between groups - e.g. he provided a liaison with the guerrillas
contact (junction) - (noun) (electronics) a junction where things (as two electrical conductors) touch or are in physical contact - e.g. they forget to solder the contacts
contact (communication) - (noun) a communicative interaction - e.g. the pilot made contact with the base
contact (lens) - (noun) a thin curved glass or plastic lens designed to fit over the cornea in order to correct vision or to deliver medication - e.g.
contact (lens) - (noun) be in or establish communication with - e.g. Our advertisements reach millions
contact (lens) - (noun) be in direct physical contact with; make contact - e.g. The two buildings touch
content (collection) - (noun) everything that is included in a collection and that is held or included in something - e.g. he emptied the contents of his pockets
content (collection) - (noun) what a communication that is about something is about - e.g.
content (proportion) - (noun) the proportion of a substance that is contained in a mixture or alloy etc. - e.g.
content (proportion) - (noun) the amount that can be contained - e.g. the gas tank has a capacity of 12 gallons
content (cognition) - (noun) the sum or range of what has been perceived, discovered, or learned - e.g.
content (acceptance) - (noun) the state of being contented with your situation in life - e.g. he relaxed in sleepy contentedness
content (acceptance) - (noun) something (a person or object or scene) selected by an artist or photographer for graphic representation - e.g. a moving picture of a train is more dramatic than a still picture of the same subject
content (limit) - (verb) satisfy in a limited way - e.g. He contented himself with one glass of beer per day
content (satisfy) - (verb) make content - e.g. I am contented
context (discourse) - (noun) discourse that surrounds a language unit and helps to determine its interpretation - e.g.
context (environment) - (noun) the set of facts or circumstances that surround a situation or event - e.g. the historical context
contract (written agreement) - (noun) a binding agreement between two or more persons that is enforceable by law - e.g.
contract (bid) - (noun) (contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make - e.g.
contract (bridge) - (noun) a variety of bridge in which the bidder receives points toward game only for the number of tricks he bid - e.g.
contract (promise) - (verb) enter into a contractual arrangement - e.g.
contract (promise) - (verb) engage by written agreement - e.g. They signed two new pitchers for the next season
contract (promise) - (verb) squeeze or press together - e.g. she compressed her lips
contract (sicken) - (verb) be stricken by an illness, fall victim to an illness - e.g. He got AIDS
contract (sicken) - (verb) become smaller or draw together - e.g. The fabric shrank
contract (shrink) - (verb) make smaller - e.g. The heat contracted the woollen garment
contract (shrink) - (verb) compress or concentrate - e.g. Congress condensed the three-year plan into a six-month plan
contract (shrink) - (verb) make or become more narrow or restricted - e.g. The selection was narrowed
contract (shrink) - (verb) reduce in scope while retaining essential elements - e.g. The manuscript must be shortened
contrast (opposition) - (noun) the opposition or dissimilarity of things that are compared - e.g. in contrast to", "by contrast
contrast (comparison) - (noun) the act of distinguishing by comparing differences - e.g.
contrast (comparison) - (noun) a conceptual separation or distinction - e.g. there is a narrow line between sanity and insanity
contrast (visual perception) - (noun) the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors - e.g.
contrast (scope) - (noun) the range of optical density and tone on a photographic negative or print (or the extent to which adjacent areas on a television screen differ in brightness) - e.g.
contrast (distinguish) - (verb) put in opposition to show or emphasize differences - e.g. The middle school teacher contrasted her best student's work with that of her weakest student
contrast (differ) - (verb) to show differences when compared; be different - e.g. the students contrast considerably in their artistic abilities
contrast (differ) - (verb) bestow a quality on - e.g. Her presence lends a certain cachet to the company
contrast (differ) - (verb) contribute to some cause - e.g. I gave at the office
contrast (differ) - (verb) be conducive to - e.g. The use of computers in the classroom lead to better writing
contrast (differ) - (verb) provide - e.g. The city has to put up half the required amount
contrast (differ) - (verb) bestow a quality on - e.g. Her presence lends a certain cachet to the company
contrast (differ) - (verb) contribute to some cause - e.g. I gave at the office
contrast (differ) - (verb) be conducive to - e.g. The use of computers in the classroom lead to better writing
contrast (differ) - (verb) provide - e.g. The city has to put up half the required amount
convention (meeting) - (noun) a large formal assembly - e.g. political convention
convention (practice) - (noun) something regarded as a normative example - e.g. the convention of not naming the main character
convention (treaty) - (noun) (diplomacy) an international agreement - e.g.
convention (orthodoxy) - (noun) orthodoxy as a consequence of being conventional - e.g.
convention (assembly) - (noun) the act of convening - e.g.
coordination (skillfulness) - (noun) the skillful and effective interaction of movements - e.g.
coordination (timing) - (noun) the regulation of diverse elements into an integrated and harmonious operation - e.g.
coordination (grammatical relation) - (noun) the grammatical relation of two constituents having the same grammatical form - e.g.
coordination (classification) - (noun) being of coordinate importance, rank, or degree - e.g.
coordinator (organizer) - (noun) someone whose task is to see that work goes harmoniously - e.g.
core (set) - (noun) a small group of indispensable persons or things - e.g. five periodicals make up the core of their publishing program
core (center) - (noun) the center of an object - e.g. the ball has a titanium core
core (center) - (noun) the central part of the Earth - e.g.
core (center) - (noun) the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience - e.g. the gist of the prosecutor's argument
core (sample) - (noun) a cylindrical sample of soil or rock obtained with a hollow drill - e.g.
core (sample) - (noun) an organization founded by James Leonard Farmer in 1942 to work for racial equality - e.g.
core (sample) - (noun) the central meaning or theme of a speech or literary work - e.g.
core (torus) - (noun) (computer science) a tiny ferrite toroid formerly used in a random access memory to store one bit of data; now superseded by semiconductor memories - e.g. each core has three wires passing through it, providing the means to select and detect the contents of each bit
core (chamber) - (noun) the chamber of a nuclear reactor containing the fissile material where the reaction takes place - e.g.
core (bar) - (noun) a bar of magnetic material (as soft iron) that passes through a coil and serves to increase the inductance of the coil - e.g.
core (hollow) - (verb) remove the core or center from - e.g. core an apple
core (hollow) - (verb) be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics - e.g. The two stories don't agree in many details
core (hollow) - (verb) be equivalent or parallel, in mathematics - e.g.
core (hollow) - (verb) exchange messages - e.g. My Russian pen pal and I have been corresponding for several years
core (hollow) - (verb) take the place of or be parallel or equivalent to - e.g. Because of the sound changes in the course of history, an 'h' in Greek stands for an 's' in Latin
course (education) - (noun) education imparted in a series of lessons or meetings - e.g. he took a course in basket weaving
course (series) - (noun) a connected series of events or actions or developments - e.g. the government took a firm course
course (direction) - (noun) general line of orientation - e.g. the river takes a southern course
course (action) - (noun) a mode of action - e.g. if you persist in that course you will surely fail
course (action) - (noun) a line or route along which something travels or moves - e.g. the hurricane demolished houses in its path
course (action) - (noun) a body of students who are taught together - e.g. early morning classes are always sleepy
course (nutriment) - (noun) part of a meal served at one time - e.g. she prepared a three course meal
course (layer) - (noun) (construction) a layer of masonry - e.g. a course of bricks
course (facility) - (noun) facility consisting of a circumscribed area of land or water laid out for a sport - e.g. the course had only nine holes
course (traverse) - (verb) move swiftly through or over - e.g. ships coursing the Atlantic
course (traverse) - (verb) move along, of liquids - e.g. Water flowed into the cave
course (hunt) - (verb) hunt with hounds - e.g. He often courses hares
course (hunt) - (verb) as might be expected - e.g. naturally, the lawyer sent us a huge bill
courtesy (politeness) - (noun) a courteous or respectful or considerate act - e.g.
courtesy (remark) - (noun) a courteous or respectful or considerate remark - e.g.
courtesy (manner) - (noun) a courteous manner - e.g.
courtesy (manner) - (noun) make or cause to be or to become - e.g. make a mess in one's office
create (manner) - (noun) make or cause to be or to become - e.g. make a mess in one's office
create (manner) - (noun) bring into existence - e.g. The company was created 25 years ago
create (manner) - (noun) pursue a creative activity; be engaged in a creative activity - e.g. Don't disturb him--he is creating
create (manner) - (noun) invest with a new title, office, or rank - e.g. Create one a peer
create (manner) - (noun) create by artistic means - e.g. create a poem
create (manner) - (noun) create or manufacture a man-made product - e.g. We produce more cars than we can sell
creation (activity) - (noun) the human act of creating - e.g.
creation (artifact) - (noun) an artifact that has been brought into existence by someone - e.g.
creation (beginning) - (noun) the event that occurred at the beginning of something - e.g. from its creation the plan was doomed to failure
creation (beginning) - (noun) the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new - e.g. she looked forward to her initiation as an adult
creation (beginning) - (noun) approval - e.g. give her recognition for trying
credit (assets) - (noun) money available for a client to borrow - e.g.
credit (entry) - (noun) an accounting entry acknowledging income or capital items - e.g.
credit (accomplishment) - (noun) used in the phrase `to your credit' in order to indicate an achievement deserving praise;  - e.g. she already had several performances to her credit
credit (payment) - (noun) arrangement for deferred payment for goods and services - e.g.
credit (attainment) - (noun) recognition by a college or university that a course of studies has been successfully completed; typically measured in semester hours - e.g.
credit (attainment) - (noun) a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage - e.g. the student's essay failed to list several important citations
credit (title) - (noun) an entry on a list of persons who contributed to a film or written work - e.g. the credits were given at the end of the film
credit (estimate) - (noun) an estimate, based on previous dealings, of a person's or an organization's ability to fulfill their financial commitments - e.g.
credit (impute) - (verb) give someone credit for something - e.g. We credited her for saving our jobs
credit (impute) - (verb) ascribe an achievement to - e.g. She was not properly credited in the program
credit (account) - (verb) accounting: enter as credit - e.g. We credit your account with $100
credit (trust) - (verb) have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of - e.g.
credit (trust) - (verb) a basis for comparison; a reference point against which other things can be evaluated - e.g. the schools comply with federal standards
credit (trust) - (verb) the ideal in terms of which something can be judged - e.g. they live by the standards of their community
credit (trust) - (verb) a basis for comparison; a reference point against which other things can be evaluated - e.g. the schools comply with federal standards
criterion (ideal) - (noun) the ideal in terms of which something can be judged - e.g. they live by the standards of their community
cutoff (limit) - (noun) a designated limit beyond which something cannot function or must be terminated - e.g.
cutoff (limit) - (noun) a route shorter than the usual one - e.g.
cutoff (device) - (noun) a device that terminates the flow in a pipe - e.g.
cycle (time interval) - (noun) an interval during which a recurring sequence of events occurs - e.g. the never-ending cycle of the seasons
cycle (series) - (noun) a series of poems or songs on the same theme - e.g. Schubert's song cycles
cycle (repeat) - (noun) a periodically repeated sequence of events - e.g. a cycle of reprisal and retaliation
cycle (repeat) - (noun) the unit of frequency; one hertz has a periodic interval of one second - e.g.
cycle (periodic event) - (noun) a single complete execution of a periodically repeated phenomenon - e.g. a year constitutes a cycle of the seasons
cycle (periodic event) - (noun) a wheeled vehicle that has two wheels and is moved by foot pedals - e.g.
cycle (pass) - (verb) cause to go through a recurring sequence - e.g. cycle the laundry in this washing program
cycle (pass) - (verb) pass through a cycle - e.g. This machine automatically cycles
cycle (pass) - (verb) ride a motorcycle - e.g.
cycle (pass) - (verb) ride a bicycle - e.g.
cycle (recur) - (verb) recur in repeating sequences - e.g.
data (collection) - (noun) a collection of facts from which conclusions may be drawn - e.g. statistical data
data (collection) - (noun) an item of factual information derived from measurement or research - e.g.
data (collection) - (noun) a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and against some proposition or proposal - e.g. the argument over foreign aid goes on and on
debate (public speaking) - (noun) the formal presentation of a stated proposition and the opposition to it (usually followed by a vote) - e.g.
debate (consider) - (verb) argue with one another - e.g. We debated the question of abortion
debate (consider) - (verb) think about carefully; weigh - e.g. They considered the possibility of a strike
debate (hash out) - (verb) discuss the pros and cons of an issue - e.g.
debate (hash out) - (verb) have an argument about something - e.g.
deduce (reason) - (verb) reason by deduction; establish by deduction - e.g.
deduce (reason) - (verb) conclude by reasoning; in logic - e.g.
deduce (reason) - (verb) determine the essential quality of - e.g.
define (specify) - (verb) give a definition for the meaning of a word - e.g. Define `sadness'
define (characterize) - (verb) determine the nature of - e.g. What defines a good wine?
define (show) - (verb) show the form or outline of - e.g. The tree was clearly defined by the light
define (show) - (verb) decide upon or fix definitely - e.g. fix the variables
definition (explanation) - (noun) a concise explanation of the meaning of a word or phrase or symbol - e.g.
definition (distinctness) - (noun) clarity of outline - e.g. exercise had given his muscles superior definition
degree (property) - (noun) a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality - e.g. a moderate grade of intelligence
degree (state) - (noun) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process - e.g. a remarkable degree of frankness
degree (state) - (noun) an award conferred by a college or university signifying that the recipient has satisfactorily completed a course of study - e.g. he earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude
degree (angular unit) - (noun) a measure for arcs and angles - e.g. there are 360 degrees in a circle
degree (exponent) - (noun) the highest power of a term or variable - e.g.
degree (temperature unit) - (noun) a unit of temperature on a specified scale - e.g. the game was played in spite of the 40-degree temperature
degree (magnitude) - (noun) the seriousness of something (e.g., a burn or crime) - e.g. murder in the second degree
deliverable (product) - (noun) something that can be provided as the product of development - e.g. under this contract the deliverables include both software and hardware
deliverable (product) - (noun) give an exhibition of to an interested audience - e.g. She shows her dogs frequently
deliverable (product) - (noun) establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment - e.g. The experiment demonstrated the instability of the compound
deliverable (product) - (noun) provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes - e.g. His high fever attested to his illness
demonstrate (protest) - (verb) march in protest; take part in a demonstration - e.g. Thousands demonstrated against globalization during the meeting of the most powerful economic nations in Seattle
demonstrate (protest) - (verb) a show or display; the act of presenting something to sight or view - e.g. the presentation of new data
demonstration (show) - (noun) a show of military force or preparedness - e.g. he confused the enemy with feints and demonstrations
demonstration (protest) - (noun) a public display of group feelings (usually of a political nature) - e.g. there were violent demonstrations against the war
demonstration (proof) - (noun) proof by a process of argument or a series of proposition proving an asserted conclusion - e.g.
demonstration (visual communication) - (noun) a visual presentation showing how something works - e.g. the lecture was accompanied by dramatic demonstrations
demonstration (visual communication) - (noun) reason by deduction; establish by deduction - e.g.
derive (obtain) - (verb) obtain - e.g. derive pleasure from one's garden
derive (evolve) - (verb) come from - e.g. The present name derives from an older form
derive (make) - (verb) develop or evolve from a latent or potential state - e.g.
derive (make) - (verb) reason by deduction; establish by deduction - e.g.
derive (make) - (verb) obtain - e.g. derive pleasure from one's garden
derive (make) - (verb) come from - e.g. The present name derives from an older form
derive (make) - (verb) develop or evolve from a latent or potential state - e.g.
derive (make) - (verb) come from; be connected by a relationship of blood, for example - e.g. She was descended from an old Italian noble family
design (creating by mental acts) - (noun) the act of working out the form of something (as by making a sketch or outline or plan) - e.g. he contributed to the design of a new instrument
design (arrangement) - (noun) an arrangement scheme - e.g. the awkward design of the keyboard made operation difficult
design (arrangement) - (noun) something intended as a guide for making something else - e.g. a blueprint for a house
design (decoration) - (noun) a decorative or artistic work - e.g. the coach had a design on the doors
design (decoration) - (noun) an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions - e.g. his intent was to provide a new translation
design (sketch) - (noun) a preliminary sketch indicating the plan for something - e.g. the design of a building
design (sketch) - (noun) the creation of something in the mind - e.g.
design (sketch) - (noun) make or work out a plan for; devise - e.g. They contrived to murder their boss
design (intend) - (verb) plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect - e.g. This room is not designed for work
design (create) - (verb) create the design for; create or execute in an artistic or highly skilled manner - e.g. Chanel designed the famous suit
design (create by mental act) - (verb) make a design of; plan out in systematic, often graphic form - e.g. design a better mousetrap
design (create) - (verb) create designs - e.g. Dupont designs for the house of Chanel
design (gestate) - (verb) conceive or fashion in the mind; invent - e.g. She designed a good excuse for not attending classes that day
design (intend) - (verb) intend or have as a purpose - e.g. She designed to go far in the world of business
design (intend) - (verb) lack of respect accompanied by a feeling of intense dislike - e.g. he was held in contempt
despite (disregard) - (noun) contemptuous disregard - e.g. she wanted neither favor nor despite
development (improvement) - (noun) act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining - e.g. he congratulated them on their development of a plan to meet the emergency
development (process) - (noun) a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage (especially a more advanced or mature stage) - e.g. the development of his ideas took many years
development (process) - (noun) (biology) the process of an individual organism growing organically; a purely biological unfolding of events involved in an organism changing gradually from a simple to a more complex level - e.g. he proposed an indicator of osseous development in children
development (change) - (noun) a recent event that has some relevance for the present situation - e.g. recent developments in Iraq
development (change) - (noun) the act of making some area of land or water more profitable or productive or useful - e.g. the development of Alaskan resources
development (district) - (noun) a district that has been developed to serve some purpose - e.g. such land is practical for small park developments
development (improvement) - (noun) a state in which things are improving; the result of developing (as in the early part of a game of chess) - e.g. after he saw the latest development he changed his mind and became a supporter
development (processing) - (noun) processing a photosensitive material in order to make an image visible - e.g. the development and printing of his pictures took only two hours
development (section) - (noun) (music) the section of a composition or movement (especially in sonata form) where the major musical themes are developed and elaborated - e.g.
device (instrumentality) - (noun) an instrumentality invented for a particular purpose - e.g. the device is small enough to wear on your wrist
device (expressive style) - (noun) something in an artistic work designed to achieve a particular effect - e.g.
device (maneuver) - (noun) any clever maneuver - e.g. he would stoop to any device to win a point
device (design) - (noun) any ornamental pattern or design (as in embroidery) - e.g.
device (emblem) - (noun) an emblematic design (especially in heraldry) - e.g. he was recognized by the device on his shield
dimension (magnitude) - (noun) the magnitude of something in a particular direction (especially length or width or height) - e.g.
dimension (magnitude) - (noun) a construct whereby objects or individuals can be distinguished - e.g. self-confidence is not an endearing property
dimension (cartesian coordinate) - (noun) one of three Cartesian coordinates that determine a position in space - e.g.
dimension (cartesian coordinate) - (noun) magnitude or extent - e.g. a building of vast proportions
dimension (mark) - (verb) indicate the dimensions on - e.g. These techniques permit us to dimension the human heart
dimension (shape) - (verb) shape or form to required dimensions - e.g.
distinct (shape) - (verb) a discrimination between things as different and distinct - e.g. it is necessary to make a distinction between love and infatuation
distinct (shape) - (verb) high status importance owing to marked superiority - e.g. a scholar of great eminence
distinction (quality) - (noun) a distinguishing quality - e.g. it has the distinction of being the cheapest restaurant in town
distinction (difference) - (noun) a distinguishing difference - e.g. he learned the distinction between gold and lead
distribute (give) - (verb) administer or bestow, as in small portions - e.g. administer critical remarks to everyone present
distribute (give) - (verb) distribute or disperse widely - e.g. The invaders spread their language all over the country
distribute (transfer) - (verb) make available - e.g. The publisher wants to distribute the book in Asia
distribute (give) - (verb) give to several people - e.g. The teacher handed out the exams
distribute (give) - (verb) cause be distributed - e.g. This letter is being circulated among the faculty
distribute (give) - (verb) cause to become widely known - e.g. spread information
distribute (spread) - (verb) spread throughout a given area - e.g. the function distributes the values evenly
distribute (exist) - (verb) be distributed or spread, as in statistical analyses - e.g. Values distribute
distribute (be) - (verb) be mathematically distributive - e.g.
distribute (be) - (verb) to arrange in a systematic order - e.g. stagger the chairs in the lecture hall
distribution (arrangement) - (noun) (statistics) an arrangement of values of a variable showing their observed or theoretical frequency of occurrence - e.g.
distribution (spacing) - (noun) the spatial or geographic property of being scattered about over a range, area, or volume - e.g. worldwide in distribution
distribution (act) - (noun) the act of distributing or spreading or apportioning - e.g.
distribution (commerce) - (noun) the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer - e.g.
document (writing) - (noun) writing that provides information (especially information of an official nature) - e.g.
document (representation) - (noun) anything serving as a representation of a person's thinking by means of symbolic marks - e.g.
document (communication) - (noun) a written account of ownership or obligation - e.g.
document (communication) - (noun) (computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters - e.g.
document (record) - (verb) record in detail - e.g. The parents documented every step of their child's development
document (confirm) - (verb) support or supply with references - e.g. Can you document your claims?
document (confirm) - (verb) record in detail - e.g. The parents documented every step of their child's development
document (confirm) - (verb) support or supply with references - e.g. Can you document your claims?
documented (confirm) - (verb) writing that provides information (especially information of an official nature) - e.g.
documented (confirm) - (verb) anything serving as a representation of a person's thinking by means of symbolic marks - e.g.
documented (confirm) - (verb) a written account of ownership or obligation - e.g.
documented (confirm) - (verb) (computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters - e.g.
documented (confirm) - (verb) record in detail - e.g. The parents documented every step of their child's development
documented (confirm) - (verb) support or supply with references - e.g. Can you document your claims?
documented (confirm) - (verb) a particular environment or walk of life - e.g. his social sphere is limited
domain (region) - (noun) territory over which rule or control is exercised - e.g. his domain extended into Europe
domain (set) - (noun) (mathematics) the set of values of the independent variable for which a function is defined - e.g.
domain (set) - (noun) people in general; especially a distinctive group of people with some shared interest - e.g. the Western world
domain (set) - (noun) the content of a particular field of knowledge - e.g.
download (transfer) - (verb) transfer a file or program from a central computer to a smaller computer or to a computer at a remote location - e.g.
download (transfer) - (verb) a person who holds Ph.D. degree (or the equivalent) from an academic institution - e.g. she is a doctor of philosophy in physics
download (transfer) - (verb) a licensed medical practitioner - e.g. I felt so bad I went to see my doctor
draft (negotiable instrument) - (noun) a document ordering the payment of money; drawn by one person or bank on another - e.g.
draft (wind) - (noun) a current of air (usually coming into a chimney or room or vehicle) - e.g.
draft (sketch) - (noun) a preliminary sketch of a design or picture - e.g.
draft (drink) - (noun) a serving of drink (usually alcoholic) drawn from a keg - e.g. they served beer on draft
draft (text) - (noun) any of the various versions in the development of a written work - e.g. a preliminary draft
draft (depth) - (noun) the depth of a vessel's keel below the surface (especially when loaded) - e.g.
draft (regulator) - (noun) a regulator for controlling the flow of air in a fireplace - e.g.
draft (dose) - (noun) a dose of liquid medicine - e.g. he took a sleeping draft
draft (dose) - (noun) compulsory military service - e.g.
draft (dose) - (noun) a large and hurried swallow - e.g. he finished it at a single gulp
draft (pull) - (noun) the act of moving a load by drawing or pulling - e.g.
draft (write) - (verb) draw up an outline or sketch for something - e.g. draft a speech
draft (write) - (verb) engage somebody to enter the army - e.g.
draft (write) - (verb) make a blueprint of - e.g.
economy (system) - (noun) the system of production and distribution and consumption - e.g.
economy (efficiency) - (noun) the efficient use of resources - e.g. economy of effort
economy (frugality) - (noun) frugality in the expenditure of money or resources - e.g. the Scots are famous for their economy
economy (action) - (noun) an act of economizing; reduction in cost - e.g. it was a small economy to walk to work every day
edit (change) - (verb) prepare for publication or presentation by correcting, revising, or adapting - e.g. Edit a book on lexical semantics
edit (publish) - (verb) supervise the publication of - e.g. The same family has been editing the influential newspaper for almost 100 years
edit (change) - (verb) cut and assemble the components of - e.g. edit film
edit (censor) - (verb) cut or eliminate - e.g. she edited the juiciest scenes
editor (skilled worker) - (noun) a person responsible for the editorial aspects of publication; the person who determines the final content of a text (especially of a newspaper or magazine) - e.g.
editor (application) - (noun) (computer science) a program designed to perform such editorial functions as rearrangement or modification or deletion of data - e.g.
editor (application) - (noun) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon - e.g. the magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise
editor (application) - (noun) an outward appearance - e.g. he made a good impression
effect (impression) - (noun) an impression (especially one that is artificial or contrived) - e.g. he just did it for effect
effect (meaning) - (noun) the central meaning or theme of a speech or literary work - e.g.
effect (validity) - (noun) (of a law) having legal validity - e.g. the law is still in effect
effect (symptom) - (noun) a symptom caused by an illness or a drug - e.g. the effects of sleep loss
effect (cause) - (verb) produce - e.g. The scientists set up a shock wave
effect (act) - (verb) act so as to bring into existence - e.g. effect a change
effect (act) - (verb) an abstract part of something - e.g. jealousy was a component of his character
effect (act) - (verb) an artifact that is one of the individual parts of which a composite entity is made up; especially a part that can be separated from or attached to a system - e.g. spare components for cars
effect (act) - (verb) any of the more than 100 known substances (of which 92 occur naturally) that cannot be separated into simpler substances and that singly or in combination constitute all matter - e.g.
element (environment) - (noun) the most favorable environment for a plant or animal - e.g. water is the element of fishes
element (substance) - (noun) one of four substances thought in ancient and medieval cosmology to constitute the physical universe - e.g. the alchemists believed that there were four elements
element (situation) - (noun) the situation in which you are happiest and most effective - e.g. in your element
element (straight line) - (noun) a straight line that generates a cylinder or cone - e.g.
elements (weather) - (noun) violent or severe weather (viewed as caused by the action of the four elements) - e.g. they felt the full fury of the elements
elements (weather) - (noun) an abstract part of something - e.g. jealousy was a component of his character
elements (weather) - (noun) an artifact that is one of the individual parts of which a composite entity is made up; especially a part that can be separated from or attached to a system - e.g. spare components for cars
elements (weather) - (noun) any of the more than 100 known substances (of which 92 occur naturally) that cannot be separated into simpler substances and that singly or in combination constitute all matter - e.g.
elements (weather) - (noun) the most favorable environment for a plant or animal - e.g. water is the element of fishes
elements (weather) - (noun) one of four substances thought in ancient and medieval cosmology to constitute the physical universe - e.g. the alchemists believed that there were four elements
elements (weather) - (noun) the situation in which you are happiest and most effective - e.g. in your element
elements (weather) - (noun) a straight line that generates a cylinder or cone - e.g.
emergent (weather) - (noun) come out into view, as from concealment - e.g. Suddenly, the proprietor emerged from his office
emergent (weather) - (noun) come out of - e.g. Water issued from the hole in the wall
emergent (weather) - (noun) become known or apparent - e.g. Some nice results emerged from the study
emergent (weather) - (noun) come up to the surface of or rise - e.g. He felt new emotions emerge
emergent (weather) - (noun) happen or occur as a result of something - e.g.
emphasis (importance) - (noun) special importance or significance - e.g. the red light gave the central figure increased emphasis
emphasis (importance) - (noun) intensity or forcefulness of expression - e.g. the vehemence of his denial
emphasis (rhetorical device) - (noun) special and significant stress by means of position or repetition e.g. - e.g.
emphasis (rhetorical device) - (noun) the relative prominence of a syllable or musical note (especially with regard to stress or pitch) - e.g. he put the stress on the wrong syllable
encyclopedia (reference book) - (noun) a reference work (often in several volumes) containing articles on various topics (often arranged in alphabetical order) dealing with the entire range of human knowledge or with some partic... - e.g.
engineer (person) - (noun) a person who uses scientific knowledge to solve practical problems - e.g.
engineer (operator) - (noun) the operator of a railway locomotive - e.g.
engineer (design) - (verb) design as an engineer - e.g. He engineered the water supply project
engineer (design) - (verb) plan and direct (a complex undertaking) - e.g. he masterminded the robbery
engineer (design) - (verb) make certain of - e.g. This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us
engineer (design) - (verb) be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something - e.g. He verified that the valves were closed
environment (situation) - (noun) the totality of surrounding conditions - e.g. he longed for the comfortable environment of his living room
environment (geographical area) - (noun) the area in which something exists or lives - e.g. the country--the flat agricultural surround
environment (geographical area) - (noun) consider or describe as similar, equal, or analogous - e.g. We can compare the Han dynasty to the Romans
equate (equal) - (verb) be equivalent or parallel, in mathematics - e.g.
equate (equal) - (verb) make equal, uniform, corresponding, or matching - e.g. let's equalize the duties among all employees in this office
equation (mathematical statement) - (noun) a mathematical statement that two expressions are equal - e.g.
equation (mathematical statement) - (noun) a state of being essentially equal or equivalent; equally balanced - e.g. on a par with the best
equation (equalization) - (noun) the act of regarding as equal - e.g.
equation (equalization) - (noun) a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention - e.g. he made a bad mistake
equation (equalization) - (noun) inadvertent incorrectness - e.g.
error (misconception) - (noun) a misconception resulting from incorrect information - e.g.
error (failure) - (noun) (baseball) a failure of a defensive player to make an out when normal play would have sufficed - e.g.
error (evil) - (noun) departure from what is ethically acceptable - e.g.
error (happening) - (noun) (computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer - e.g.
error (misstatement) - (noun) part of a statement that is not correct - e.g. the book was full of errors
establish (open) - (verb) set up or found - e.g. She set up a literacy program
establish (initiate) - (verb) set up or lay the groundwork for - e.g. establish a new department
establish (initiate) - (verb) establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment - e.g. The experiment demonstrated the instability of the compound
establish (initiate) - (verb) institute, enact, or establish - e.g. make laws
establish (make) - (verb) bring about - e.g. The trompe l'oeil-illusion establishes depth
establish (make) - (verb) place - e.g. Her manager had set her up at the Ritz
establish (make) - (verb) build or establish something abstract - e.g. build a reputation
establish (make) - (verb) set up or found - e.g. She set up a literacy program
establish (make) - (verb) set up or lay the groundwork for - e.g. establish a new department
establish (make) - (verb) establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment - e.g. The experiment demonstrated the instability of the compound
establish (make) - (verb) institute, enact, or establish - e.g. make laws
establish (make) - (verb) bring about - e.g. The trompe l'oeil-illusion establishes depth
establish (make) - (verb) place - e.g. Her manager had set her up at the Ritz
establish (make) - (verb) build or establish something abstract - e.g. build a reputation
establish (make) - (verb) use as a basis for; found on - e.g. base a claim on some observation
estimate (calculation) - (noun) an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth - e.g. an estimate of what it would cost
estimate (judgment) - (noun) a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody - e.g. many factors are involved in any estimate of human life
estimate (judgment) - (noun) a document appraising the value of something (as for insurance or taxation) - e.g.
estimate (statement) - (noun) a statement indicating the likely cost of some job - e.g. he got an estimate from the car repair shop
estimate (respect) - (noun) the respect with which a person is held - e.g. they had a high estimation of his ability
estimate (calculate) - (verb) judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time) - e.g. I estimate this chicken to weigh three pounds
estimate (calculate) - (verb) judge to be probable - e.g.
estimate (calculate) - (verb) judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time) - e.g. I estimate this chicken to weigh three pounds
estimate (calculate) - (verb) judge to be probable - e.g.
ethnic (person) - (noun) a person who is a member of an ethnic group - e.g.
ethnic (person) - (noun) denoting or deriving from or distinctive of the ways of living built up by a group of people - e.g. influenced by ethnic and cultural ties"- J.F.Kennedy
ethnic (person) - (noun) not acknowledging the God of Christianity and Judaism and Islam - e.g.
ethnic (person) - (noun) evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of - e.g. I will have the family jewels appraised by a professional
evaluate (think) - (verb) form a critical opinion of - e.g. I cannot judge some works of modern art
evaluate (think) - (verb) evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of - e.g. I will have the family jewels appraised by a professional
evaluate (think) - (verb) form a critical opinion of - e.g. I cannot judge some works of modern art
evaluation (judgment) - (noun) act of ascertaining or fixing the value or worth of - e.g.
evaluation (appraisal) - (noun) an appraisal of the value of something - e.g. he set a high valuation on friendship
event (psychological feature) - (noun) something that happens at a given place and time - e.g.
event (circumstance) - (noun) a special set of circumstances - e.g. in that event, the first possibility is excluded
event (physical phenomenon) - (noun) a phenomenon located at a single point in space-time; the fundamental observational entity in relativity theory - e.g.
event (physical phenomenon) - (noun) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon - e.g. the magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise
event (physical phenomenon) - (noun) clearly revealed to the mind or the senses or judgment - e.g. the effects of the drought are apparent to anyone who sees the parched fields
event (physical phenomenon) - (noun) capable of being seen or noticed - e.g. a discernible change in attitude
event (physical phenomenon) - (noun) unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') - e.g. the answer is obviously wrong
examine (physical phenomenon) - (noun) consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning - e.g. analyze a sonnet by Shakespeare
examine (physical phenomenon) - (noun) observe, check out, and look over carefully or inspect - e.g. The customs agent examined the baggage
examine (physical phenomenon) - (noun) question or examine thoroughly and closely - e.g.
examine (physical phenomenon) - (noun) question closely - e.g.
examine (physical phenomenon) - (noun) put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to - e.g. This approach has been tried with good results
example (information) - (noun) an item of information that is typical of a class or group - e.g. this patient provides a typical example of the syndrome
example (information) - (noun) a representative form or pattern - e.g. I profited from his example
example (information) - (noun) something to be imitated - e.g. an exemplar of success
example (admonition) - (noun) punishment intended as a warning to others - e.g. they decided to make an example of him
example (admonition) - (noun) an occurrence of something - e.g. it was a case of bad judgment
example (admonition) - (noun) a task performed or problem solved in order to develop skill or understanding - e.g. you must work the examples at the end of each chapter in the textbook
example (admonition) - (noun) be greater in scope or size than some standard - e.g. Their loyalty exceeds their national bonds
example (admonition) - (noun) be superior or better than some standard - e.g. She exceeded our expectations
example (admonition) - (noun) be or do something to a greater degree - e.g. her performance surpasses that of any other student I know
exclusion (situation) - (noun) the state of being excluded - e.g.
exclusion (situation) - (noun) the state of being excommunicated - e.g.
exclusion (situation) - (noun) a deliberate act of omission - e.g. with the exception of the children, everyone was told the news
exclusion (situation) - (noun) the act of forcing out someone or something - e.g. the ejection of troublemakers by the police
experiment (scientific research) - (noun) the act of conducting a controlled test or investigation - e.g.
experiment (inquiry) - (noun) the testing of an idea - e.g. it was an experiment in living
experiment (venture) - (noun) a venture at something new or different - e.g. as an experiment he decided to grow a beard
experiment (investigate) - (verb) to conduct a test or investigation - e.g. We are experimenting with the new drug in order to fight this disease
expert (person) - (noun) a person with special knowledge or ability who performs skillfully - e.g.
expert (person) - (noun) having or showing knowledge and skill and aptitude - e.g. adept in handicrafts
expert (person) - (noun) of or relating to or requiring special knowledge to be understood - e.g. technical terminology
export (commodity) - (noun) commodities (goods or services) sold to a foreign country - e.g.
export (trade) - (verb) sell or transfer abroad - e.g. we export less than we import and have a negative trade balance
export (transfer) - (verb) transfer (electronic data) out of a database or document in a format that can be used by other programs - e.g.
export (spread) - (verb) cause to spread in another part of the world - e.g. The Russians exported Marxism to Africa
external (feature) - (noun) outward features - e.g. he enjoyed the solemn externals of religion
factor (cause) - (noun) anything that contributes causally to a result - e.g. a number of factors determined the outcome
factor (cause) - (noun) an abstract part of something - e.g. jealousy was a component of his character
factor (cause) - (noun) one of two or more integers that can be exactly divided into another integer - e.g. what are the 4 factors of 6?
factor (cause) - (noun) a businessman who buys or sells for another in exchange for a commission - e.g.
factor (number) - (noun) any of the numbers (or symbols) that form a product when multiplied together - e.g.
factor (independent variable) - (noun) an independent variable in statistics - e.g.
factor (independent variable) - (noun) (genetics) a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a polypeptide chain; it can include regions preceding and following the coding DNA as well as introns between the exons; it is cons... - e.g. genes were formerly called factors
factor (calculate) - (verb) resolve into factors - e.g. a quantum computer can factor the number 15
factor (lend) - (verb) be a contributing factor - e.g. make things factor into a company's profitability
factor (study) - (verb) consider as relevant when making a decision - e.g. You must factor in the recent developments
factor (study) - (verb) anything that contributes causally to a result - e.g. a number of factors determined the outcome
factor (study) - (verb) an abstract part of something - e.g. jealousy was a component of his character
factor (study) - (verb) one of two or more integers that can be exactly divided into another integer - e.g. what are the 4 factors of 6?
factor (study) - (verb) a businessman who buys or sells for another in exchange for a commission - e.g.
factor (study) - (verb) any of the numbers (or symbols) that form a product when multiplied together - e.g.
factor (study) - (verb) an independent variable in statistics - e.g.
factor (study) - (verb) (genetics) a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a polypeptide chain; it can include regions preceding and following the coding DNA as well as introns between the exons; it is cons... - e.g. genes were formerly called factors
factor (study) - (verb) resolve into factors - e.g. a quantum computer can factor the number 15
factor (study) - (verb) be a contributing factor - e.g. make things factor into a company's profitability
factor (study) - (verb) consider as relevant when making a decision - e.g. You must factor in the recent developments
faculty (ability) - (noun) one of the inherent cognitive or perceptual powers of the mind - e.g.
faculty (ability) - (noun) the body of teachers and administrators at a school - e.g. the dean addressed the letter to the entire staff of the university
failure (nonaccomplishment) - (noun) an act that fails - e.g. his failure to pass the test
failure (happening) - (noun) an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose - e.g. the surprise party was a complete failure
failure (fortune) - (noun) lack of success - e.g. he felt that his entire life had been a failure
failure (unfortunate) - (noun) a person with a record of failing; someone who loses consistently - e.g.
failure (omission) - (noun) an unexpected omission - e.g. he resented my failure to return his call
failure (omission) - (noun) inability to discharge all your debts as they come due - e.g. the company had to declare bankruptcy
failure (disorder) - (noun) loss of ability to function normally - e.g. kidney failure
feature (property) - (noun) a prominent attribute or aspect of something - e.g. the map showed roads and other features
feature (body part) - (noun) the characteristic parts of a person's face: eyes and nose and mouth and chin - e.g. an expression of pleasure crossed his features
feature (movie) - (noun) the principal (full-length) film in a program at a movie theater - e.g. the feature tonight is `Casablanca'
feature (article) - (noun) a special or prominent article in a newspaper or magazine - e.g. they ran a feature on retirement planning
feature (property) - (noun) (linguistics) a distinctive characteristic of a linguistic unit that serves to distinguish it from other units of the same kind - e.g.
feature (merchandise) - (noun) an article of merchandise that is displayed or advertised more than other articles - e.g.
feature (merchandise) - (noun) have as a feature - e.g. This restaurant features the most famous chefs in France
feature (merchandise) - (noun) wear or display in an ostentatious or proud manner - e.g. she was sporting a new hat
feature (merchandise) - (noun) a prominent attribute or aspect of something - e.g. the map showed roads and other features
feature (merchandise) - (noun) the characteristic parts of a person's face: eyes and nose and mouth and chin - e.g. an expression of pleasure crossed his features
feature (merchandise) - (noun) the principal (full-length) film in a program at a movie theater - e.g. the feature tonight is `Casablanca'
feature (merchandise) - (noun) a special or prominent article in a newspaper or magazine - e.g. they ran a feature on retirement planning
feature (merchandise) - (noun) (linguistics) a distinctive characteristic of a linguistic unit that serves to distinguish it from other units of the same kind - e.g.
feature (merchandise) - (noun) an article of merchandise that is displayed or advertised more than other articles - e.g.
feature (merchandise) - (noun) have as a feature - e.g. This restaurant features the most famous chefs in France
feature (merchandise) - (noun) wear or display in an ostentatious or proud manner - e.g. she was sporting a new hat
figure (illustration) - (noun) a diagram or picture illustrating textual material - e.g. the area covered can be seen from Figure 2
figure (illustration) - (noun) alternative names for the body of a human being - e.g. Leonardo studied the human body
figure (illustration) - (noun) one of the elements that collectively form a system of numeration - e.g. 0 and 1 are digits
figure (model) - (noun) a model of a bodily form (especially of a person) - e.g. he made a figure of Santa Claus
figure (model) - (noun) a well-known or notable person - e.g. they studied all the great names in the history of France
figure (shape) - (noun) a combination of points and lines and planes that form a visible palpable shape - e.g.
figure (sum) - (noun) an amount of money expressed numerically - e.g. a figure of $17 was suggested
figure (impression) - (noun) the impression produced by a person - e.g. he cut a fine figure
figure (impression) - (noun) the property possessed by a sum or total or indefinite quantity of units or individuals - e.g. he had a number of chores to do
figure (impression) - (noun) language used in a figurative or nonliteral sense - e.g.
figure (percept) - (noun) a unitary percept having structure and coherence that is the object of attention and that stands out against a ground - e.g.
figure (percept) - (noun) a decorative or artistic work - e.g. the coach had a design on the doors
figure (maneuver) - (noun) a predetermined set of movements in dancing or skating - e.g. she made the best score on compulsory figures
figure (maneuver) - (noun) judge to be probable - e.g.
figure (be) - (verb) be or play a part of or in - e.g. Elections figure prominently in every government program
figure (be) - (verb) imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind - e.g. I can't see him on horseback!
figure (be) - (verb) make a mathematical calculation or computation - e.g.
figure (grok) - (verb) understand - e.g. He didn't figure her
final (match) - (noun) the final match between the winners of all previous matches in an elimination tournament - e.g.
final (examination) - (noun) an examination administered at the end of an academic term - e.g.
final (examination) - (noun) occurring at or forming an end or termination - e.g. his concluding words came as a surprise
finance (commercial enterprise) - (noun) the commercial activity of providing funds and capital - e.g.
finance (economics) - (noun) the branch of economics that studies the management of money and other assets - e.g.
finance (management) - (noun) the management of money and credit and banking and investments - e.g.
finance (pay) - (verb) obtain or provide money for - e.g. Can we finance the addition to our home?
finance (credit) - (verb) sell or provide on credit - e.g.
financing (finance) - (noun) the act of financing - e.g.
financing (finance) - (noun) obtain or provide money for - e.g. Can we finance the addition to our home?
financing (finance) - (noun) sell or provide on credit - e.g.
focus (concentration) - (noun) the concentration of attention or energy on something - e.g. the focus of activity shifted to molecular biology
focus (distinctness) - (noun) maximum clarity or distinctness of an image rendered by an optical system - e.g. in focus
focus (clarity) - (noun) maximum clarity or distinctness of an idea - e.g. the controversy brought clearly into focus an important difference of opinion
focus (point) - (noun) a central point or locus of an infection in an organism - e.g. the focus of infection
focus (point) - (noun) special emphasis attached to something - e.g. the stress was more on accuracy than on speed
focus (point) - (noun) a point of convergence of light (or other radiation) or a point from which it diverges - e.g.
focus (point) - (noun) a fixed reference point on the concave side of a conic section - e.g.
focus (point) - (noun) direct one's attention on something - e.g. Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies
focus (sharpen) - (verb) cause to converge on or toward a central point - e.g. Focus the light on this image
focus (sharpen) - (verb) bring into focus or alignment; to converge or cause to converge; of ideas or emotions - e.g.
focus (adjust) - (verb) become focussed or come into focus - e.g. The light focused
focus (adjust) - (verb) put (an image) into focus; we cannot enjoy the movie" - e.g. Please focus the image
focus (adjust) - (verb) direct one's attention on something - e.g. Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies
focus (adjust) - (verb) cause to converge on or toward a central point - e.g. Focus the light on this image
focus (adjust) - (verb) bring into focus or alignment; to converge or cause to converge; of ideas or emotions - e.g.
focus (adjust) - (verb) become focussed or come into focus - e.g. The light focused
focus (adjust) - (verb) put (an image) into focus; we cannot enjoy the movie" - e.g. Please focus the image
focus (adjust) - (verb) being in focus or brought into focus - e.g.
focus (adjust) - (verb) (of light rays) converging on a point - e.g. focused light rays can set something afire
focus (adjust) - (verb) the concentration of attention or energy on something - e.g. the focus of activity shifted to molecular biology
focus (adjust) - (verb) direct one's attention on something - e.g. Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies
focus (adjust) - (verb) cause to converge on or toward a central point - e.g. Focus the light on this image
focus (adjust) - (verb) bring into focus or alignment; to converge or cause to converge; of ideas or emotions - e.g.
focus (adjust) - (verb) become focussed or come into focus - e.g. The light focused
focus (adjust) - (verb) put (an image) into focus; we cannot enjoy the movie" - e.g. Please focus the image
form (word) - (noun) the phonological or orthographic sound or appearance of a word that can be used to describe or identify something - e.g. the inflected forms of a word can be represented by a stem and a list of inflections to be attached
form (word) - (noun) a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality - e.g. sculpture is a form of art
form (structure) - (noun) a perceptual structure - e.g. the composition presents problems for students of musical form
form (structure) - (noun) any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline) - e.g. he could barely make out their shapes
form (structure) - (noun) alternative names for the body of a human being - e.g. Leonardo studied the human body
form (structure) - (noun) the spatial arrangement of something as distinct from its substance - e.g. geometry is the mathematical science of shape
form (appearance) - (noun) the visual appearance of something or someone - e.g. the delicate cast of his features
form (document) - (noun) a printed document with spaces in which to write - e.g. he filled out his tax form
form (taxonomic group) - (noun) (biology) a group of organisms within a species that differ in trivial ways from similar groups - e.g. a new strain of microorganisms
form (writing style) - (noun) an arrangement of the elements in a composition or discourse - e.g. the essay was in the form of a dialogue
form (manner) - (noun) a particular mode in which something is manifested - e.g. his resentment took the form of extreme hostility
form (manner) - (noun) (physical chemistry) a distinct state of matter in a system; matter that is identical in chemical composition and physical state and separated from other material by the phase boundary - e.g. the reaction occurs in the liquid phase of the system
form (manner) - (noun) a body of students who are taught together - e.g. early morning classes are always sleepy
form (ability) - (noun) an ability to perform well - e.g. he was at the top of his form
form (ability) - (noun) a life-size dummy used to display clothes - e.g.
form (mold) - (noun) a mold for setting concrete - e.g. they built elaborate forms for pouring the foundation
form (make) - (verb) create (as an entity) - e.g. social groups form everywhere
form (constitute) - (verb) to compose or represent:"This wall forms the background of the stage setting" - e.g. The branches made a roof
form (become) - (verb) develop into a distinctive entity - e.g. our plans began to take shape
form (become) - (verb) give shape or form to - e.g. shape the dough
form (become) - (verb) make something, usually for a specific function - e.g. She molded the rice balls carefully
form (become) - (verb) establish or impress firmly in the mind - e.g. We imprint our ideas onto our children
form (change) - (verb) assume a form or shape - e.g. the water formed little beads
formula (mathematical statement) - (noun) a group of symbols that make a mathematical statement - e.g.
formula (mathematical statement) - (noun) directions for making something - e.g.
formula (statement) - (noun) a conventionalized statement expressing some fundamental principle - e.g.
formula (statement) - (noun) a representation of a substance using symbols for its constituent elements - e.g.
formula (statement) - (noun) something regarded as a normative example - e.g. the convention of not naming the main character
formula (milk) - (noun) a liquid food for infants - e.g.
formula (milk) - (noun) (mathematics) a standard procedure for solving a class of mathematical problems - e.g. he determined the upper bound with Descartes' rule of signs
formula (milk) - (noun) a hypothetical description of a complex entity or process - e.g. the computer program was based on a model of the circulatory and respiratory systems
framework (structure) - (noun) the underlying structure - e.g. providing a factual framework for future research
framework (supporting structure) - (noun) a structure supporting or containing something - e.g.
function (mathematical relation) - (noun) (mathematics) a mathematical relation such that each element of a given set (the domain of the function) is associated with an element of another set (the range of the function) - e.g.
function (utility) - (noun) what something is used for - e.g. the function of an auger is to bore holes
function (duty) - (noun) the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group - e.g. the function of a teacher
function (relation) - (noun) a relation such that one thing is dependent on another - e.g. height is a function of age
function (social gathering) - (noun) a formal or official social gathering or ceremony - e.g. it was a black-tie function
function (social gathering) - (noun) a vaguely specified social event - e.g. the party was quite an affair
function (social gathering) - (noun) a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program - e.g.
function (social gathering) - (noun) (mathematics) a mathematical relation such that each element of a given set (the domain of the function) is associated with an element of another set (the range of the function) - e.g.
function (social gathering) - (noun) what something is used for - e.g. the function of an auger is to bore holes
function (social gathering) - (noun) the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group - e.g. the function of a teacher
function (social gathering) - (noun) a relation such that one thing is dependent on another - e.g. height is a function of age
function (social gathering) - (noun) a formal or official social gathering or ceremony - e.g. it was a black-tie function
function (social gathering) - (noun) a vaguely specified social event - e.g. the party was quite an affair
function (social gathering) - (noun) a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program - e.g.
function (social gathering) - (noun) perform as expected when applied - e.g. The washing machine won't go unless it's plugged in
function (social gathering) - (noun) serve a purpose, role, or function - e.g. The tree stump serves as a table
function (social gathering) - (noun) perform duties attached to a particular office or place or function - e.g. His wife officiated as his private secretary
function (social gathering) - (noun) convert (short-term floating debt) into long-term debt that bears fixed interest and is represented by bonds - e.g.
function (social gathering) - (noun) place or store up in a fund for accumulation - e.g.
function (social gathering) - (noun) provide a fund for the redemption of principal or payment of interest - e.g.
function (social gathering) - (noun) invest money in government securities - e.g.
function (social gathering) - (noun) accumulate a fund for the discharge of a recurrent liability - e.g. fund a medical care plan
function (social gathering) - (noun) furnish money for - e.g. The government funds basic research in many areas
future (time) - (noun) the time yet to come - e.g.
future (tense) - (noun) a verb tense that expresses actions or states in the future - e.g.
future (commodity) - (noun) bulk commodities bought or sold at an agreed price for delivery at a specified future date - e.g.
gender (grammatical category) - (noun) a grammatical category in inflected languages governing the agreement between nouns and pronouns and adjectives; in some languages it is quite arbitrary but in Indo-European languages it is... - e.g.
gender (grammatical category) - (noun) the properties that distinguish organisms on the basis of their reproductive roles - e.g. she didn't want to know the sex of the foetus
gender (grammatical category) - (noun) bring into existence - e.g. The new manager generated a lot of problems
gender (grammatical category) - (noun) give or supply - e.g. The cow brings in 5 liters of milk
gender (grammatical category) - (noun) produce (energy) - e.g. We can't generate enough power for the entire city
gender (grammatical category) - (noun) make children - e.g. Abraham begot Isaac
goal (content) - (noun) the state of affairs that a plan is intended to achieve and that (when achieved) terminates behavior intended to achieve it - e.g. the ends justify the means
goal (content) - (noun) the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) - e.g. a crowd assembled at the finish
goal (game equipment) - (noun) game equipment consisting of the place toward which players of a game try to advance a ball or puck in order to score points - e.g.
goal (score) - (noun) a successful attempt at scoring - e.g. the winning goal came with less than a minute left to play
grant (aid) - (noun) any monetary aid - e.g.
grant (allotment) - (noun) the act of providing a subsidy - e.g.
grant (transferred property) - (noun) (law) a transfer of property by deed of conveyance - e.g.
group (abstraction) - (noun) any number of entities (members) considered as a unit - e.g.
group (unit) - (noun) (chemistry) two or more atoms bound together as a single unit and forming part of a molecule - e.g.
group (set) - (noun) a set that is closed, associative, has an identity element and every element has an inverse - e.g.
group (classify) - (verb) arrange into a group or groups - e.g. Can you group these shapes together?
group (meet) - (verb) form a group or group together - e.g.
group (meet) - (verb) (used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that fact or reason or as a result - e.g. therefore X must be true
hypothesis (proposal) - (noun) a proposal intended to explain certain facts or observations - e.g.
hypothesis (concept) - (noun) a tentative insight into the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena - e.g. a scientific hypothesis that survives experimental testing becomes a scientific theory
hypothesis (concept) - (noun) a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence - e.g.
identify (determine) - (verb) recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something - e.g. She identified the man on the 'wanted' poster
identify (determine) - (verb) give the name or identifying characteristics of; refer to by name or some other identifying characteristic property - e.g. Many senators were named in connection with the scandal
identify (see) - (verb) consider (oneself) as similar to somebody else - e.g. He identified with the refugees
identify (associate) - (verb) conceive of as united or associated - e.g. Sex activity is closely identified with the hypothalamus
identify (associate) - (verb) clarify by giving an example of - e.g.
identify (associate) - (verb) depict with an illustration - e.g.
identify (associate) - (verb) supply with illustrations - e.g. illustrate a book with drawings
illustration (artwork) - (noun) artwork that helps make something clear or attractive - e.g.
illustration (artwork) - (noun) showing by example - e.g.
illustration (artwork) - (noun) an item of information that is typical of a class or group - e.g. this patient provides a typical example of the syndrome
illustration (representation) - (noun) a visual representation (a picture or diagram) that is used make some subject more pleasing or easier to understand - e.g.
image (representation) - (noun) an iconic mental representation - e.g. her imagination forced images upon her too awful to contemplate
image (representation) - (noun) (Jungian psychology) a personal facade that one presents to the world - e.g. a public image is as fragile as Humpty Dumpty
image (representation) - (noun) a visual representation (of an object or scene or person or abstraction) produced on a surface - e.g. they showed us the pictures of their wedding
image (representation) - (noun) a standard or typical example - e.g. he is the prototype of good breeding
image (representation) - (noun) language used in a figurative or nonliteral sense - e.g.
image (representation) - (noun) someone who closely resembles a famous person (especially an actor) - e.g. he could be Gingrich's double
image (set) - (noun) (mathematics) the set of values of the dependent variable for which a function is defined - e.g. the image of f(x) = x^2 is the set of all non-negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers
image (impression) - (noun) the general impression that something (a person or organization or product) presents to the public - e.g. although her popular image was contrived it served to inspire music and pageantry
image (impression) - (noun) a representation of a person (especially in the form of sculpture) - e.g. the coin bears an effigy of Lincoln
image (visualize) - (verb) render visible, as by means of MRI - e.g.
image (visualize) - (verb) imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind - e.g. I can't see him on horseback!
impact (contact) - (noun) the striking of one body against another - e.g.
impact (consequence) - (noun) a forceful consequence; a strong effect - e.g. the book had an important impact on my thinking
impact (consequence) - (noun) influencing strongly - e.g. they resented the impingement of American values on European culture
impact (consequence) - (noun) the violent interaction of individuals or groups entering into combat - e.g. the armies met in the shock of battle
impact (wedge) - (verb) press or wedge together; pack together - e.g.
impact (wedge) - (verb) have an effect upon - e.g. Will the new rules affect me?
implement (instrumentality) - (noun) instrumentation (a piece of equipment or tool) used to effect an end - e.g.
implement (use) - (verb) apply in a manner consistent with its purpose or design - e.g. implement a procedure
implement (use) - (verb) ensure observance of laws and rules;  - e.g. Apply the rules to everyone
implement (use) - (verb) pursue to a conclusion or bring to a successful issue - e.g. Did he go through with the treatment?
implement (use) - (verb) apply in a manner consistent with its purpose or design - e.g. implement a procedure
implement (use) - (verb) ensure observance of laws and rules;  - e.g. Apply the rules to everyone
implement (use) - (verb) pursue to a conclusion or bring to a successful issue - e.g. Did he go through with the treatment?
implement (use) - (verb) forced or compelled or put in force - e.g. a life of enforced inactivity
implement (use) - (verb) bring into intimate and incriminating connection - e.g. He is implicated in the scheme to defraud the government
implement (use) - (verb) impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result - e.g. What does this move entail?
implement (use) - (verb) something that is inferred (deduced or entailed or implied) - e.g. his resignation had political implications
implement (use) - (verb) a meaning that is not expressly stated but can be inferred - e.g. the significance of his remark became clear only later
implement (use) - (verb) an accusation that brings into intimate and usually incriminating connection - e.g.
implement (use) - (verb) a logical relation between propositions p and q of the form `if p then q'; if p is true then q cannot be false - e.g.
implement (use) - (verb) a relation implicated by virtue of involvement or close connection (especially an incriminating involvement) - e.g. he was suspected of implication in several robberies
implement (use) - (verb) express or state indirectly - e.g.
implement (use) - (verb) suggest as a logically necessary consequence; in logic - e.g.
implement (use) - (verb) have as a logical consequence - e.g. The water shortage means that we have to stop taking long showers
implement (use) - (verb) suggest that someone is guilty - e.g.
implement (use) - (verb) have as a necessary feature - e.g. This decision involves many changes
imply (express) - (verb) express or state indirectly - e.g.
imply (express) - (verb) suggest as a logically necessary consequence; in logic - e.g.
imply (express) - (verb) have as a logical consequence - e.g. The water shortage means that we have to stop taking long showers
imply (express) - (verb) suggest that someone is guilty - e.g.
imply (have) - (verb) have as a necessary feature - e.g. This decision involves many changes
imply (have) - (verb) compel to behave in a certain way - e.g. Social relations impose courtesy
imply (have) - (verb) impose something unpleasant - e.g. The principal visited his rage on the students
imply (have) - (verb) impose and collect - e.g. levy a fine
imply (have) - (verb) compel to behave in a certain way - e.g. Social relations impose courtesy
imply (have) - (verb) impose something unpleasant - e.g. The principal visited his rage on the students
imply (have) - (verb) impose and collect - e.g. levy a fine
imply (have) - (verb) a heterogeneous collection of groups united in their opposition to Saddam Hussein's government of Iraq; formed in 1992 it is comprised of Sunni and Shiite Arabs and Kurds who hope to build ... - e.g.
income (financial gain) - (noun) the financial gain (earned or unearned) accruing over a given period of time - e.g.
india (financial gain) - (noun) be a signal for or a symptom of - e.g. These symptoms indicate a serious illness
indicate (inform) - (verb) indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively - e.g. I showed the customer the glove section
indicate (inform) - (verb) to state or express briefly - e.g. indicated his wishes in a letter
indicate (inform) - (verb) give evidence of - e.g. The evidence argues for your claim
indicate (inform) - (verb) suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine - e.g. Tetracycline is indicated in such cases
indicate (inform) - (verb) be a signal for or a symptom of - e.g. These symptoms indicate a serious illness
indicate (inform) - (verb) indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively - e.g. I showed the customer the glove section
indicate (inform) - (verb) to state or express briefly - e.g. indicated his wishes in a letter
indicate (inform) - (verb) give evidence of - e.g. The evidence argues for your claim
indicate (inform) - (verb) suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine - e.g. Tetracycline is indicated in such cases
indicate (inform) - (verb) a human being - e.g. there was too much for one person to do
individual (organism) - (noun) a single organism - e.g.
industry (commercial enterprise) - (noun) the people or companies engaged in a particular kind of commercial enterprise - e.g. each industry has its own trade publications
industry (commercial enterprise) - (noun) the organized action of making of goods and services for sale - e.g. American industry is making increased use of computers to control production
industry (commercial enterprise) - (noun) persevering determination to perform a task - e.g. his diligence won him quick promotions
information (message) - (noun) a message received and understood - e.g.
information (cognition) - (noun) knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction - e.g.
information (accusation) - (noun) formal accusation of a crime - e.g.
information (accusation) - (noun) a collection of facts from which conclusions may be drawn - e.g. statistical data
information (information measure) - (noun) (communication theory) a numerical measure of the uncertainty of an outcome - e.g. the signal contained thousands of bits of information
initial (letter) - (noun) the first letter of a word (especially a person's name) - e.g. he refused to put the initials FRS after his name
initial (sign) - (verb) mark with one's initials - e.g.
initial (sign) - (verb) readiness to embark on bold new ventures - e.g.
initial (sign) - (verb) the first of a series of actions - e.g.
initial (sign) - (verb) serving to set in motion - e.g. the magazine's inaugural issue
injury (ill health) - (noun) any physical damage to the body caused by violence or accident or fracture etc. - e.g.
injury (accident) - (noun) an accident that results in physical damage or hurt - e.g.
injury (accident) - (noun) a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat - e.g.
injury (wrongdoing) - (noun) an act that causes someone or something to receive physical damage - e.g.
injury (wrongdoing) - (noun) wrongdoing that violates another's rights and is unjustly inflicted - e.g.
injury (wrongdoing) - (noun) an occurrence of something - e.g. it was a case of bad judgment
injury (wrongdoing) - (noun) an item of information that is typical of a class or group - e.g. this patient provides a typical example of the syndrome
injury (wrongdoing) - (noun) clarify by giving an example of - e.g.
institute (association) - (noun) an association organized to promote art or science or education - e.g.
institute (association) - (noun) set up or lay the groundwork for - e.g. establish a new department
institute (make) - (verb) advance or set forth in court - e.g. bring charges", "institute proceedings
institute (make) - (verb) make into a whole or make part of a whole - e.g. She incorporated his suggestions into her proposal
institute (make) - (verb) open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups - e.g. This school is completely desegregated
institute (make) - (verb) become one; become integrated - e.g. The students at this school integrate immediately, despite their different backgrounds
institute (make) - (verb) calculate the integral of; calculate by integration - e.g.
institute (make) - (verb) formed or united into a whole - e.g.
integration (group action) - (noun) the action of incorporating a racial or religious group into a community - e.g.
integration (group action) - (noun) the act of combining into an integral whole - e.g. a consolidation of two corporations
integration (mathematical process) - (noun) an operation used in the calculus whereby the integral of a function is determined - e.g.
interaction (action) - (noun) a mutual or reciprocal action; interacting - e.g.
interaction (physical phenomenon) - (noun) (physics) the transfer of energy between elementary particles or between an elementary particle and a field or between fields; mediated by gauge bosons - e.g.
international (socialism) - (noun) any of several international socialist organizations - e.g.
interpret (understand) - (verb) make sense of; assign a meaning to - e.g. What message do you see in this letter?
interpret (understand) - (verb) give an interpretation or explanation to - e.g.
interpret (perform) - (verb) give an interpretation or rendition of - e.g. The pianist rendered the Beethoven sonata beautifully
interpret (perform) - (verb) create an image or likeness of - e.g. The painter represented his wife as a young girl
interpret (perform) - (verb) restate (words) from one language into another language - e.g. I have to translate when my in-laws from Austria visit the U.S.
interpret (perform) - (verb) make sense of a language - e.g. She understands French
interpret (perform) - (verb) make sense of; assign a meaning to - e.g. What message do you see in this letter?
interpret (perform) - (verb) give an interpretation or explanation to - e.g.
interpret (perform) - (verb) give an interpretation or rendition of - e.g. The pianist rendered the Beethoven sonata beautifully
interpret (perform) - (verb) create an image or likeness of - e.g. The painter represented his wife as a young girl
interpret (perform) - (verb) restate (words) from one language into another language - e.g. I have to translate when my in-laws from Austria visit the U.S.
interpret (perform) - (verb) make sense of a language - e.g. She understands French
interpreted (perform) - (verb) a definite length of time marked off by two instants - e.g.
interval (set) - (noun) a set containing all points (or all real numbers) between two given endpoints - e.g.
interval (distance) - (noun) the distance between things - e.g. fragile items require separation and cushioning
interval (musical notation) - (noun) the difference in pitch between two notes - e.g.
interval (musical notation) - (noun) a definite length of time marked off by two instants - e.g.
interval (musical notation) - (noun) a set containing all points (or all real numbers) between two given endpoints - e.g.
interval (musical notation) - (noun) the distance between things - e.g. fragile items require separation and cushioning
interval (musical notation) - (noun) the difference in pitch between two notes - e.g.
invest (spend) - (verb) make an investment - e.g. Put money into bonds
invest (spend) - (verb) give qualities or abilities to - e.g.
invest (equip) - (verb) furnish with power or authority; of kings or emperors - e.g.
invest (install) - (verb) provide with power and authority - e.g. They vested the council with special rights
invest (install) - (verb) place ceremoniously or formally in an office or position - e.g. there was a ceremony to induct the president of the Academy
investigate (analyze) - (verb) investigate scientifically - e.g. Let's investigate the syntax of Chinese
investigate (probe) - (verb) conduct an inquiry or investigation of - e.g. The district attorney's office investigated reports of possible irregularities
investigate (probe) - (verb) investigate scientifically - e.g. Let's investigate the syntax of Chinese
investigate (probe) - (verb) conduct an inquiry or investigation of - e.g. The district attorney's office investigated reports of possible irregularities
investigate (probe) - (verb) the act of investing; laying out money or capital in an enterprise with the expectation of profit - e.g.
investment (assets) - (noun) money that is invested with an expectation of profit - e.g.
investment (committedness) - (noun) the commitment of something other than money (time, energy, or effort) to a project with the expectation of some worthwhile result - e.g. this job calls for the investment of some hard thinking
investment (skin) - (noun) outer layer or covering of an organ or part or organism - e.g.
investment (dressing) - (noun) the act of putting on robes or vestments - e.g.
investment (promotion) - (noun) the ceremonial act of clothing someone in the insignia of an office; the formal promotion of a person to an office or rank - e.g.
investor (capitalist) - (noun) someone who commits capital in order to gain financial returns - e.g.
involve (refer) - (verb) connect closely and often incriminatingly - e.g. This new ruling affects your business
involve (admit) - (verb) engage as a participant - e.g. Don't involve me in your family affairs!
involve (admit) - (verb) have as a necessary feature - e.g. This decision involves many changes
involve (admit) - (verb) require as useful, just, or proper - e.g. It takes nerve to do what she did
involve (include) - (verb) contain as a part - e.g. Dinner at Joe's always involves at least six courses
involve (absorb) - (verb) occupy or engage the interest of - e.g. His story completely involved me during the entire afternoon
involve (complicate) - (verb) make complex or intricate or complicated - e.g. The situation was rather involved
involve (complicate) - (verb) connect closely and often incriminatingly - e.g. This new ruling affects your business
involve (complicate) - (verb) engage as a participant - e.g. Don't involve me in your family affairs!
involve (complicate) - (verb) have as a necessary feature - e.g. This decision involves many changes
involve (complicate) - (verb) require as useful, just, or proper - e.g. It takes nerve to do what she did
involve (complicate) - (verb) contain as a part - e.g. Dinner at Joe's always involves at least six courses
involve (complicate) - (verb) occupy or engage the interest of - e.g. His story completely involved me during the entire afternoon
involve (complicate) - (verb) make complex or intricate or complicated - e.g. The situation was rather involved
issue (content) - (noun) an important question that is in dispute and must be settled - e.g. the issue could be settled by requiring public education for everyone
issue (periodical) - (noun) one of a series published periodically - e.g. she found an old issue of the magazine in her dentist's waiting room
issue (periodical) - (noun) some situation or event that is thought about - e.g. he kept drifting off the topic
issue (provision) - (noun) the act of providing an item for general use or for official purposes (usually in quantity) - e.g. a new issue of stamps
issue (store) - (noun) supplies (as food or clothing or ammunition) issued by the government - e.g.
issue (store) - (noun) the income or profit arising from such transactions as the sale of land or other property - e.g. the average return was about 5%
issue (store) - (noun) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon - e.g. the magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise
issue (store) - (noun) the immediate descendants of a person - e.g. she was the mother of many offspring
issue (store) - (noun) the becoming visible - e.g. not a day's difference between the emergence of the andrenas and the opening of the willow catkins
issue (store) - (noun) an opening that permits escape or release - e.g. he blocked the way out
issue (printing) - (noun) the act of issuing printed materials - e.g.
issue (printing) - (noun) prepare and issue for public distribution or sale - e.g. publish a magazine or newspaper
issue (distribute) - (verb) circulate or distribute or equip with - e.g. issue a new uniform to the children
issue (communicate) - (verb) bring out an official document (such as a warrant) - e.g.
issue (communicate) - (verb) an important question that is in dispute and must be settled - e.g. the issue could be settled by requiring public education for everyone
issue (communicate) - (verb) one of a series published periodically - e.g. she found an old issue of the magazine in her dentist's waiting room
issue (communicate) - (verb) some situation or event that is thought about - e.g. he kept drifting off the topic
issue (communicate) - (verb) the act of providing an item for general use or for official purposes (usually in quantity) - e.g. a new issue of stamps
issue (communicate) - (verb) supplies (as food or clothing or ammunition) issued by the government - e.g.
issue (communicate) - (verb) the income or profit arising from such transactions as the sale of land or other property - e.g. the average return was about 5%
issue (communicate) - (verb) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon - e.g. the magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise
issue (communicate) - (verb) the immediate descendants of a person - e.g. she was the mother of many offspring
issue (communicate) - (verb) the becoming visible - e.g. not a day's difference between the emergence of the andrenas and the opening of the willow catkins
issue (communicate) - (verb) an opening that permits escape or release - e.g. he blocked the way out
issue (communicate) - (verb) the act of issuing printed materials - e.g.
issue (communicate) - (verb) prepare and issue for public distribution or sale - e.g. publish a magazine or newspaper
issue (communicate) - (verb) circulate or distribute or equip with - e.g. issue a new uniform to the children
issue (communicate) - (verb) bring out an official document (such as a warrant) - e.g.
issue (communicate) - (verb) come out of - e.g. Water issued from the hole in the wall
issue (communicate) - (verb) make out and issue - e.g. write out a check
item (part) - (noun) a distinct part that can be specified separately in a group of things that could be enumerated on a list - e.g. he noticed an item in the New York Times
item (part) - (noun) a small part that can be considered separately from the whole - e.g. it was perfect in all details
item (whole) - (noun) a whole individual unit; especially when included in a list or collection - e.g. they reduced the price on many items
item (whole) - (noun) an isolated fact that is considered separately from the whole - e.g. several of the details are similar
item (whole) - (noun) an individual instance of a type of symbol - e.g. the word`error' contains three tokens of `r'
item (whole) - (noun) a distinct part that can be specified separately in a group of things that could be enumerated on a list - e.g. he noticed an item in the New York Times
item (whole) - (noun) a small part that can be considered separately from the whole - e.g. it was perfect in all details
item (whole) - (noun) a whole individual unit; especially when included in a list or collection - e.g. they reduced the price on many items
item (whole) - (noun) an isolated fact that is considered separately from the whole - e.g. several of the details are similar
item (whole) - (noun) an individual instance of a type of symbol - e.g. the word`error' contains three tokens of `r'
japan (whole) - (noun) the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money - e.g. he's not in my line of business
job (duty) - (noun) a specific piece of work required to be done as a duty or for a specific fee - e.g. estimates of the city's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars
job (workplace) - (noun) a workplace; as in the expression "on the job";  - e.g.
job (product) - (noun) an object worked on; a result produced by working - e.g. he held the job in his left hand and worked on it with his right
job (duty) - (noun) the responsibility to do something - e.g. it is their job to print the truth
job (work) - (noun) the performance of a piece of work - e.g. she did an outstanding job as Ophelia
job (work) - (noun) a damaging piece of work - e.g. dry rot did the job of destroying the barn
job (work) - (noun) a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved - e.g. she and her husband are having problems
job (work) - (noun) a daily written record of (usually personal) experiences and observations - e.g.
journal (periodical) - (noun) a periodical dedicated to a particular subject - e.g. he reads the medical journals
journal (periodical) - (noun) a ledger in which transactions have been recorded as they occurred - e.g.
journal (book) - (noun) a record book as a physical object - e.g.
journal (axle) - (noun) the part of the axle contained by a bearing - e.g.
justification (circumstance) - (noun) something (such as a fact or circumstance) that shows an action to be reasonable or necessary - e.g. he considered misrule a justification for revolution
justification (explanation) - (noun) a statement in explanation of some action or belief - e.g.
justification (vindication) - (noun) the act of defending or explaining or making excuses for by reasoning - e.g. the justification of barbarous means by holy ends"- H.J.Muller
justification (vindication) - (noun) show to be reasonable or provide adequate ground for - e.g. The emergency does not warrant all of us buying guns
justification (vindication) - (noun) show to be right by providing justification or proof - e.g. vindicate a claim
justification (vindication) - (noun) defend, explain, clear away, or make excuses for by reasoning - e.g. rationalize the child's seemingly crazy behavior
justification (vindication) - (noun) let off the hook - e.g. I absolve you from this responsibility
justification (vindication) - (noun) adjust the spaces between words - e.g. justify the margins
key (device) - (noun) metal device shaped in such a way that when it is inserted into the appropriate lock the lock's mechanism can be rotated - e.g.
key (explanation) - (noun) something crucial for explaining - e.g. the key to development is economic integration
key (pitch) - (noun) pitch of the voice - e.g. he spoke in a low key
key (musical notation) - (noun) any of 24 major or minor diatonic scales that provide the tonal framework for a piece of music - e.g.
key (kilogram) - (noun) a kilogram of a narcotic drug - e.g. they were carrying two keys of heroin
key (kilogram) - (noun) a winged often one-seed indehiscent fruit as of the ash or elm or maple - e.g.
key (kilogram) - (noun) the psychological result of perception and learning and reasoning - e.g.
label (description) - (noun) a brief description given for purposes of identification - e.g. the label Modern is applied to many different kinds of architecture
label (trade name) - (noun) trade name of a company that produces musical recordings - e.g. the artists and repertoire department of a recording label is responsible for finding new talent
label (radioisotope) - (noun) a radioactive isotope that is used in a compound in order to trace the mechanism of a chemical reaction - e.g.
label (marker) - (noun) an identifying or descriptive marker that is attached to an object - e.g.
label (designate) - (verb) assign a label to; designate with a label - e.g. These students were labelled `learning disabled'
label (designate) - (verb) attach a tag or label to - e.g. label these bottles
label (designate) - (verb) pronounce judgment on - e.g. They labeled him unfit to work here
label (distinguish) - (verb) distinguish (as a compound or molecule) by introducing a labeled atom - e.g.
label (distinguish) - (verb) distinguish (an element or atom) by using a radioactive isotope or an isotope of unusual mass for tracing through chemical reactions - e.g.
label (distinguish) - (verb) assign a label to; designate with a label - e.g. These students were labelled `learning disabled'
label (distinguish) - (verb) attach a tag or label to - e.g. label these bottles
label (distinguish) - (verb) pronounce judgment on - e.g. They labeled him unfit to work here
label (distinguish) - (verb) distinguish (as a compound or molecule) by introducing a labeled atom - e.g.
label (distinguish) - (verb) distinguish (an element or atom) by using a radioactive isotope or an isotope of unusual mass for tracing through chemical reactions - e.g.
label (distinguish) - (verb) bearing or marked with a label or tag - e.g. properly labeled luggage
labor (class) - (noun) a social class comprising those who do manual labor or work for wages - e.g. there is a shortage of skilled labor in this field
labor (work) - (noun) productive work (especially physical work done for wages) - e.g. his labor did not require a great deal of skill
labor (work) - (noun) concluding state of pregnancy; from the onset of contractions to the birth of a child - e.g. she was in labor for six hours
labor (reform movement) - (noun) an organized attempt by workers to improve their status by united action (particularly via labor unions) or the leaders of this movement - e.g.
labor (reform movement) - (noun) a political party formed in Great Britain in 1900; characterized by the promotion of labor's interests and formerly the socialization of key industries - e.g.
labor (reform movement) - (noun) the federal department responsible for promoting the working conditions of wage earners in the United States; created in 1913 - e.g.
labor (reform movement) - (noun) any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted - e.g. he prepared for great undertakings
labor (reform movement) - (noun) strive and make an effort to reach a goal - e.g. She tugged for years to make a decent living
labor (work) - (verb) work hard - e.g. She was digging away at her math homework
labor (undergo) - (verb) undergo the efforts of childbirth - e.g.
labor (undergo) - (verb) a social class comprising those who do manual labor or work for wages - e.g. there is a shortage of skilled labor in this field
labor (undergo) - (verb) concluding state of pregnancy; from the onset of contractions to the birth of a child - e.g. she was in labor for six hours
labor (undergo) - (verb) a political party formed in Great Britain in 1900; characterized by the promotion of labor's interests and formerly the socialization of key industries - e.g.
labor (undergo) - (verb) productive work (especially physical work done for wages) - e.g. his labor did not require a great deal of skill
labor (undergo) - (verb) work hard - e.g. She was digging away at her math homework
labor (undergo) - (verb) strive and make an effort to reach a goal - e.g. She tugged for years to make a decent living
labor (undergo) - (verb) undergo the efforts of childbirth - e.g.
layer (artifact) - (noun) single thickness of usually some homogeneous substance - e.g. slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach
layer (region) - (noun) a relatively thin sheetlike expanse or region lying over or under another - e.g.
layer (region) - (noun) an abstract place usually conceived as having depth - e.g. a good actor communicates on several levels
layer (hen) - (noun) a hen that lays eggs - e.g.
layer (structure) - (noun) thin structure composed of a single thickness of cells - e.g.
layer (shape) - (verb) make or form a layer - e.g. layer the different colored sands
lecture (address) - (noun) a speech that is open to the public - e.g. he attended a lecture on telecommunications
lecture (rebuke) - (noun) a lengthy rebuke - e.g. a good lecture was my father's idea of discipline
lecture (teaching) - (noun) teaching by giving a discourse on some subject (typically to a class) - e.g.
lecture (teach) - (verb) deliver a lecture or talk - e.g. She will talk at Rutgers next week
lecture (teach) - (verb) censure severely or angrily - e.g. The mother scolded the child for entering a stranger's car
legislate (ordain) - (verb) make laws, bills, etc. or bring into effect by legislation - e.g. They passed the amendment
library (room) - (noun) a room where books are kept - e.g. they had brandy in the library
library (collection) - (noun) a collection of literary documents or records kept for reference or borrowing - e.g.
library (depository) - (noun) a depository built to contain books and other materials for reading and study - e.g.
library (collection) - (noun) (computing) a collection of standard programs and subroutines that are stored and available for immediate use - e.g.
library (building) - (noun) a building that houses a collection of books and other materials - e.g.
license (legal document) - (noun) a legal document giving official permission to do something - e.g.
license (liberty) - (noun) freedom to deviate deliberately from normally applicable rules or practices (especially in behavior or speech) - e.g.
license (liberty) - (noun) excessive freedom; lack of due restraint - e.g. when liberty becomes license dictatorship is near"- Will Durant
license (authorization) - (noun) the act of giving a formal (usually written) authorization - e.g.
license (authorize) - (verb) authorize officially - e.g. I am licensed to practice law in this state
link (linkage) - (noun) the means of connection between things linked in series - e.g.
link (fastener) - (noun) a fastener that serves to join or connect - e.g. the walls are held together with metal links placed in the wet mortar during construction
link (fastener) - (noun) the state of being connected - e.g. the connection between church and state is inescapable
link (fastener) - (noun) a connecting shape - e.g.
link (linear unit) - (noun) a unit of length equal to 1/100 of a chain - e.g.
link (instruction) - (noun) (computing) an instruction that connects one part of a program or an element on a list to another program or list - e.g.
link (instruction) - (noun) a channel for communication between groups - e.g. he provided a liaison with the guerrillas
link (instruction) - (noun) a two-way radio communication system (usually microwave); part of a more extensive telecommunication network - e.g.
link (circuit) - (noun) an interconnecting circuit between two or more locations for the purpose of transmitting and receiving data - e.g.
link (circuit) - (noun) make a logical or causal connection - e.g. I cannot connect these two pieces of evidence in my mind
link (circuit) - (noun) connect, fasten, or put together two or more pieces - e.g. Can you connect the two loudspeakers?
link (circuit) - (noun) be or become joined or united or linked - e.g. The two streets connect to become a highway
link (circuit) - (noun) link with or as with a yoke - e.g. yoke the oxen together
literature (writing) - (noun) creative writing of recognized artistic value - e.g.
literature (literary study) - (noun) the humanistic study of a body of literature - e.g. he took a course in Russian lit
literature (writing) - (noun) published writings in a particular style on a particular subject - e.g. the technical literature
literature (profession) - (noun) the profession or art of a writer - e.g. her place in literature is secure
logic (philosophy) - (noun) the branch of philosophy that analyzes inference - e.g.
logic (common sense) - (noun) reasoned and reasonable judgment - e.g. it made a certain kind of logic
logic (principle) - (noun) the principles that guide reasoning within a given field or situation - e.g. economic logic requires it
logic (system) - (noun) the system of operations performed by a computer that underlies the machine's representation of logical operations - e.g.
logic (system) - (noun) a system of reasoning - e.g.
logic (system) - (noun) keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g., "keep clean" - e.g. hold in place
logic (system) - (noun) keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction - e.g. We preserve these archeological findings
logic (system) - (noun) supply with necessities and support - e.g. She alone sustained her family
logic (system) - (noun) state categorically - e.g.
logic (system) - (noun) have and exercise - e.g. wield power and authority
logic (system) - (noun) maintain for use and service - e.g. I keep a car in the countryside
logic (system) - (noun) maintain by writing regular records - e.g. keep a diary
maintain (affirm) - (verb) state or assert - e.g. He maintained his innocence
maintain (affirm) - (verb) support against an opponent - e.g. The appellate court upheld the verdict
maintain (affirm) - (verb) stick to correctly or closely - e.g. The pianist kept time with the metronome
maintain (affirm) - (verb) keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g., "keep clean" - e.g. hold in place
maintain (affirm) - (verb) keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction - e.g. We preserve these archeological findings
maintain (affirm) - (verb) supply with necessities and support - e.g. She alone sustained her family
maintain (affirm) - (verb) state categorically - e.g.
maintain (affirm) - (verb) have and exercise - e.g. wield power and authority
maintain (affirm) - (verb) maintain for use and service - e.g. I keep a car in the countryside
maintain (affirm) - (verb) maintain by writing regular records - e.g. keep a diary
maintain (affirm) - (verb) state or assert - e.g. He maintained his innocence
maintain (affirm) - (verb) support against an opponent - e.g. The appellate court upheld the verdict
maintain (affirm) - (verb) stick to correctly or closely - e.g. The pianist kept time with the metronome
maintain (affirm) - (verb) kept in good condition - e.g.
maintain (affirm) - (verb) continued in your keeping or use or memory - e.g. in...the retained pattern of dancers and guests remembered
major (commissioned military officer) - (noun) a commissioned military officer in the United States Army or Air Force or Marines; below lieutenant colonel and above captain - e.g.
maximize (increase) - (verb) make as big or large as possible - e.g. Maximize your profits!
maximize (exploit) - (verb) make the most of - e.g. He maximized his role
mechanism (chemical process) - (noun) the atomic process that occurs during a chemical reaction - e.g. he determined unique mechanisms for the photochemical reactions
mechanism (performance) - (noun) the technical aspects of doing something - e.g. a mechanism of social control
mechanism (natural object) - (noun) a natural object resembling a machine in structure or function - e.g. the mechanism of the ear
mechanism (philosophical doctrine) - (noun) (philosophy) the philosophical theory that all phenomena can be explained in terms of physical or biological causes - e.g.
mechanism (device) - (noun) device consisting of a piece of machinery; has moving parts that perform some function - e.g.
mechanism (device) - (noun) a thorough physical examination; includes a variety of tests depending on the age and sex and health of the person - e.g.
meeting (gathering) - (noun) a formally arranged gathering - e.g. next year the meeting will be in Chicago
meeting (social gathering) - (noun) a small informal social gathering - e.g. there was an informal meeting in my living room
meeting (convergence) - (noun) a casual or unexpected convergence - e.g. he still remembers their meeting in Paris
meeting (assembly) - (noun) the social act of assembling for some common purpose - e.g. his meeting with the salesmen was the high point of his day
meeting (assembly) - (noun) the act of joining together as one - e.g. the merging of the two groups occurred quickly
meeting (assembly) - (noun) a place where things merge or flow together (especially rivers) - e.g. Pittsburgh is located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers
meeting (assembly) - (noun) come together - e.g. I'll probably see you at the meeting
meeting (assembly) - (noun) get together socially or for a specific purpose - e.g.
meeting (assembly) - (noun) be adjacent or come together - e.g. The lines converge at this point
meeting (assembly) - (noun) fill or meet a want or need - e.g.
meeting (assembly) - (noun) satisfy a condition or restriction - e.g. Does this paper meet the requirements for the degree?
meeting (assembly) - (noun) satisfy or fulfill - e.g. meet a need
meeting (assembly) - (noun) collect in one place - e.g. We assembled in the church basement
meeting (assembly) - (noun) get to know; get acquainted with - e.g. I met this really handsome guy at a bar last night!
meeting (assembly) - (noun) meet by design; be present at the arrival of - e.g. Can you meet me at the train station?
meeting (assembly) - (noun) contend against an opponent in a sport, game, or battle - e.g. Princeton plays Yale this weekend
meeting (assembly) - (noun) experience as a reaction - e.g. My proposal met with much opposition
meeting (assembly) - (noun) undergo or suffer - e.g. meet a violent death
meeting (assembly) - (noun) be in direct physical contact with; make contact - e.g. The two buildings touch
method (know-how) - (noun) a way of doing something, especially a systematic way; implies an orderly logical arrangement (usually in steps) - e.g.
method (acting) - (noun) an acting technique introduced by Stanislavsky in which the actor recalls emotions or reactions from his or her own life and uses them to identify with the character being portrayed - e.g.
metric (function) - (noun) a function of a topological space that gives, for any two points in the space, a value equal to the distance between them - e.g.
metric (unit of measurement) - (noun) a decimal unit of measurement of the metric system (based on meters and kilograms and seconds) - e.g. convert all the measurements to metric units
metric (unit of measurement) - (noun) a system of related measures that facilitates the quantification of some particular characteristic - e.g.
minnesota (unit of measurement) - (noun) a young person of either sex - e.g. she writes books for children
minor (unit of measurement) - (noun) an engineering university in Cambridge - e.g.
national (person) - (noun) a person who owes allegiance to that nation - e.g. a monarch has a duty to his subjects
national (person) - (noun) be in contradiction with - e.g.
national (person) - (noun) deny the truth of - e.g.
negate (prove) - (verb) prove negative; show to be false - e.g.
negate (prove) - (verb) make ineffective by counterbalancing the effect of - e.g. Her optimism neutralizes his gloom
negate (prove) - (verb) be in contradiction with - e.g.
negate (prove) - (verb) deny the truth of - e.g.
negate (prove) - (verb) prove negative; show to be false - e.g.
negate (prove) - (verb) make ineffective by counterbalancing the effect of - e.g. Her optimism neutralizes his gloom
negative (denial) - (noun) a reply of denial - e.g. he answered in the negative
negative (film) - (noun) a piece of photographic film showing an image with light and shade or colors reversed - e.g.
negative (film) - (noun) vote against; refuse to endorse; refuse to assent - e.g. The President vetoed the bill
negative (film) - (noun) something regarded as a normative example - e.g. the convention of not naming the main character
normal (film) - (noun) a vague idea in which some confidence is placed - e.g. his impression of her was favorable
notion (concept) - (noun) a general inclusive concept - e.g.
notion (idea) - (noun) an odd or fanciful or capricious idea - e.g. the theatrical notion of disguise is associated with disaster in his stories
notion (article) - (noun) (usually plural) small personal articles or clothing or sewing items - e.g. buttons and needles are notions
novel (fiction) - (noun) an extended fictional work in prose; usually in the form of a story - e.g.
novel (book) - (noun) a printed and bound book that is an extended work of fiction - e.g. his bookcases were filled with nothing but novels
novel (book) - (noun) original and of a kind not seen before - e.g. the computer produced a completely novel proof of a well-known theorem
novel (book) - (noun) an independent agency of the federal government responsible for the promotion of progress in science and engineering by supporting programs in research and education - e.g.
novel (book) - (noun) the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable) - e.g. the sole object of her trip was to see her children
objective (lens) - (noun) the lens or system of lenses in a telescope or microscope that is nearest the object being viewed - e.g.
obtain (get) - (verb) come into possession of - e.g. How did you obtain the visa?
obtain (get) - (verb) receive a specified treatment (abstract) - e.g. These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation
obtain (get) - (verb) be valid, applicable, or true - e.g. This theory still holds
obtain (get) - (verb) come into possession of - e.g. How did you obtain the visa?
obtain (get) - (verb) receive a specified treatment (abstract) - e.g. These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation
obtain (get) - (verb) be valid, applicable, or true - e.g. This theory still holds
obtain (get) - (verb) come into possession of - e.g. How did you obtain the visa?
obtain (get) - (verb) receive a specified treatment (abstract) - e.g. These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation
obtain (get) - (verb) be valid, applicable, or true - e.g. This theory still holds
obvious (get) - (verb) come to pass - e.g. What is happening?
occur (become) - (verb) come to one's mind; suggest itself - e.g. It occurred to me that we should hire another secretary
occur (appear) - (verb) to be found to exist - e.g. sexism occurs in many workplaces
occur (appear) - (verb) come to pass - e.g. What is happening?
occur (appear) - (verb) come to one's mind; suggest itself - e.g. It occurred to me that we should hire another secretary
occur (appear) - (verb) to be found to exist - e.g. sexism occurs in many workplaces
option (derivative instrument) - (noun) the right to buy or sell property at an agreed price; the right is purchased and if it is not exercised by a stated date the money is forfeited - e.g.
option (decision making) - (noun) one of a number of things from which only one can be chosen - e.g. what option did I have?
option (decision making) - (noun) the act of choosing or selecting - e.g. your choice of colors was unfortunate
option (decision making) - (noun) the right to buy or sell property at an agreed price; the right is purchased and if it is not exercised by a stated date the money is forfeited - e.g.
option (decision making) - (noun) one of a number of things from which only one can be chosen - e.g. what option did I have?
option (decision making) - (noun) the act of choosing or selecting - e.g. your choice of colors was unfortunate
option (decision making) - (noun) the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body for the purpose of administering something - e.g. he claims that the present administration is corrupt
option (decision making) - (noun) a group of people who work together - e.g.
option (decision making) - (noun) an organized structure for arranging or classifying - e.g. he changed the arrangement of the topics
option (decision making) - (noun) an ordered manner; orderliness by virtue of being methodical and well organized - e.g. his compulsive organization was not an endearing quality
option (decision making) - (noun) the act of organizing a business or an activity related to a business - e.g. he was brought in to supervise the organization of a new department
option (decision making) - (noun) the activity or result of distributing or disposing persons or things properly or methodically - e.g. his organization of the work force was very efficient
option (decision making) - (noun) the act of forming or establishing something - e.g. the constitution of a PTA group last year
option (decision making) - (noun) someone who enlists workers to join a union - e.g.
option (decision making) - (noun) a person who brings order and organization to an enterprise - e.g. she was the organizer of the meeting
option (decision making) - (noun) a lightweight consumer electronic device that looks like a hand-held computer but instead performs specific tasks; can serve as a diary or a personal database or a telephone or an alarm clo... - e.g.
organization (social group) - (noun) a group of people who work together - e.g.
organization (social group) - (noun) an organized structure for arranging or classifying - e.g. he changed the arrangement of the topics
organization (social group) - (noun) the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body for the purpose of administering something - e.g. he claims that the present administration is corrupt
organization (administration) - (noun) the act of organizing a business or an activity related to a business - e.g. he was brought in to supervise the organization of a new department
organization (orderliness) - (noun) an ordered manner; orderliness by virtue of being methodical and well organized - e.g. his compulsive organization was not an endearing quality
organization (activity) - (noun) the activity or result of distributing or disposing persons or things properly or methodically - e.g. his organization of the work force was very efficient
organization (activity) - (noun) the act of forming or establishing something - e.g. the constitution of a PTA group last year
organizer (thinker) - (noun) a person who brings order and organization to an enterprise - e.g. she was the organizer of the meeting
organizer (union representative) - (noun) someone who enlists workers to join a union - e.g.
organizer (union representative) - (noun) a lightweight consumer electronic device that looks like a hand-held computer but instead performs specific tasks; can serve as a diary or a personal database or a telephone or an alarm clo... - e.g.
organizer (union representative) - (noun) something that results - e.g. he listened for the results on the radio
organizer (union representative) - (noun) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon - e.g. the magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise
organizer (union representative) - (noun) final product; the things produced - e.g.
output (production) - (noun) production of a certain amount - e.g.
output (signal) - (noun) signal that comes out of an electronic system - e.g.
output (indefinite quantity) - (noun) the quantity of something (as a commodity) that is created (usually within a given period of time) - e.g. production was up in the second quarter
output (product) - (noun) what is produced in a given time period - e.g.
output (produce) - (verb) to create or manufacture a specific amount - e.g. the computer is outputting the data from the job I'm running
overall (work-clothing) - (noun) (usually plural) work clothing consisting of denim trousers (usually with a bib and shoulder straps) - e.g.
overall (coverall) - (noun) a loose protective coverall or smock worn over ordinary clothing for dirty work - e.g.
page (leaf) - (noun) one side of one leaf (of a book or magazine or newspaper or letter etc.) or the written or pictorial matter it contains - e.g.
page (leaf) - (noun) something having the property of being analogous to something else - e.g.
page (leaf) - (noun) an imaginary line around the Earth parallel to the equator - e.g.
parallel (figure) - (noun) (mathematics) one of a set of parallel geometric figures (parallel lines or planes) - e.g. parallels never meet
parallel (match) - (verb) be parallel to - e.g. Their roles are paralleled by ours
parallel (change) - (verb) make or place parallel to something - e.g. They paralleled the ditch to the highway
parallel (change) - (verb) duplicate or match - e.g. The polished surface twinned his face and chest in reverse
parameter (constant) - (noun) a constant in the equation of a curve that can be varied to yield a family of similar curves - e.g.
parameter (factor) - (noun) any factor that defines a system and determines (or limits) its performance - e.g.
parameter (factor) - (noun) (computer science) a reference or value that is passed to a function, procedure, subroutine, command, or program - e.g.
parameter (quantity) - (noun) a quantity (such as the mean or variance) that characterizes a statistical population and that can be estimated by calculations from sample data - e.g.
participate (act) - (verb) share in something - e.g.
participate (act) - (verb) become a participant; be involved in - e.g. enter a race
participate (act) - (verb) share in something - e.g.
participate (act) - (verb) become a participant; be involved in - e.g. enter a race
participate (act) - (verb) the act of sharing in the activities of a group - e.g. the teacher tried to increase his students' engagement in class activities
participation (condition) - (noun) the condition of sharing in common with others (as fellows or partners etc.) - e.g.
participation (condition) - (noun) a person's partner in marriage - e.g.
participation (condition) - (noun) an associate in an activity or endeavor or sphere of common interest - e.g. the musician and the librettist were collaborators
partner (person) - (noun) a person who is a member of a partnership - e.g.
partner (supply) - (verb) provide with a partner - e.g.
partner (act) - (verb) act as a partner - e.g. Astaire partnered Rogers
partnership (business) - (noun) the members of a business venture created by contract - e.g.
partnership (relationship) - (noun) a cooperative relationship between people or groups who agree to share responsibility for achieving some specific goal - e.g. effective language learning is a partnership between school, teacher and student
partnership (contract) - (noun) a contract between two or more persons who agree to pool talent and money and share profits or losses - e.g.
patent (document) - (noun) a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention - e.g.
patent (legal document) - (noun) an official document granting a right or privilege - e.g.
patent (procure) - (verb) obtain a patent for - e.g. Should I patent this invention?
patent (register) - (verb) grant rights to; grant a patent for - e.g.
patent (change) - (verb) make open to sight or notice - e.g. His behavior has patented an embarrassing fact about him
percent (proportion) - (noun) a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred) - e.g.
percent (proportion) - (noun) the representation of what is perceived; basic component in the formation of a concept - e.g.
perception (conceptualization) - (noun) a way of conceiving something - e.g. Luther had a new perception of the Bible
perception (basic cognitive process) - (noun) the process of perceiving - e.g.
perception (cognition) - (noun) knowledge gained by perceiving - e.g. a man admired for the depth of his perception
perception (cognition) - (noun) becoming aware of something via the senses - e.g.
perception (cognition) - (noun) an amount of time - e.g. a time period of 30 years
period (time interval) - (noun) the interval taken to complete one cycle of a regularly repeating phenomenon - e.g.
period (part) - (noun) (ice hockey) one of three divisions into which play is divided in hockey games - e.g.
period (geological time) - (noun) a unit of geological time during which a system of rocks formed - e.g. ganoid fishes swarmed during the earlier geological periods
period (end) - (noun) the end or completion of something - e.g. death put a period to his endeavors
period (end) - (noun) the monthly discharge of blood from the uterus of nonpregnant women from puberty to menopause - e.g. the women were sickly and subject to excessive menstruation
period (punctuation) - (noun) a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations - e.g. in England they call a period a stop
period (punctuation) - (noun) a way of regarding situations or topics etc. - e.g. consider what follows from the positivist view
perspective (appearance) - (noun) the appearance of things relative to one another as determined by their distance from the viewer - e.g.
phase (time period) - (noun) any distinct time period in a sequence of events - e.g. we are in a transitional stage in which many former ideas must be revised or rejected
phase (state of matter) - (noun) (physical chemistry) a distinct state of matter in a system; matter that is identical in chemical composition and physical state and separated from other material by the phase boundary - e.g. the reaction occurs in the liquid phase of the system
phase (point) - (noun) a particular point in the time of a cycle; measured from some arbitrary zero and expressed as an angle - e.g.
phase (appearance) - (noun) (astronomy) the particular appearance of a body's state of illumination (especially one of the recurring shapes of the part of Earth's moon that is illuminated by the sun) - e.g. the full phase of the moon
phase (stage) - (verb) arrange in phases or stages - e.g. phase a withdrawal
phase (synchronize) - (verb) adjust so as to be in a synchronized condition - e.g. he phased the intake with the output of the machine
phase (synchronize) - (verb) a doctorate usually based on at least 3 years graduate study and a dissertation; the highest degree awarded graduate study - e.g.
phase (synchronize) - (verb) a belief (or system of beliefs) accepted as authoritative by some group or school - e.g.
philosophy (humanistic discipline) - (noun) the rational investigation of questions about existence and knowledge and ethics - e.g.
philosophy (belief) - (noun) any personal belief about how to live or how to deal with a situation - e.g. self-indulgence was his only philosophy
policy (plan of action) - (noun) a plan of action adopted by an individual or social group - e.g. it was a policy of retribution
policy (argumentation) - (noun) a line of argument rationalizing the course of action of a government - e.g. they debated the policy or impolicy of the proposed legislation
policy (contract) - (noun) written contract or certificate of insurance - e.g. you should have read the small print on your policy
population (people) - (noun) the people who inhabit a territory or state - e.g. the population seemed to be well fed and clothed
population (group) - (noun) a group of organisms of the same species inhabiting a given area - e.g. they hired hunters to keep down the deer population
population (collection) - (noun) (statistics) the entire aggregation of items from which samples can be drawn - e.g. it is an estimate of the mean of the population
population (integer) - (noun) the number of inhabitants (either the total number or the number of a particular race or class) in a given place (country or city etc.) - e.g. people come and go, but the population of this town has remained approximately constant for the past decade
population (colonization) - (noun) the act of populating (causing to live in a place) - e.g. he deplored the population of colonies with convicted criminals
positive (adverb) - (noun) the primary form of an adjective or adverb; denotes a quality without qualification, comparison, or relation to increase or diminution - e.g.
positive (film) - (noun) a film showing a photographic image whose tones correspond to those of the original subject - e.g.
poster (sign) - (noun) a sign posted in a public place as an advertisement - e.g. a poster advertised the coming attractions
poster (sign) - (noun) someone who pastes up bills or placards on walls or billboards - e.g.
poster (sign) - (noun) a horse kept at an inn or post house for use by mail carriers or for rent to travelers - e.g.
potential (possibility) - (noun) the inherent capacity for coming into being - e.g.
potential (possibility) - (noun) the difference in electrical charge between two points in a circuit expressed in volts - e.g.
predict (guess) - (verb) make a prediction about; tell in advance - e.g. Call the outcome of an election
predict (guess) - (verb) indicate by signs - e.g. These signs bode bad news
presentation (ceremony) - (noun) the activity of formally presenting something (as a prize or reward) - e.g. she gave the trophy but he made the presentation
presentation (show) - (noun) a show or display; the act of presenting something to sight or view - e.g. the presentation of new data
presentation (display) - (noun) the act of making something publicly available; presenting news or other information by broadcasting or printing it - e.g. he prepared his presentation carefully in advance
presentation (proposal) - (noun) the act of presenting a proposal - e.g.
presentation (proposal) - (noun) a visual representation of something - e.g.
presentation (informing) - (noun) formally making a person known to another or to the public - e.g.
presentation (position) - (noun) (obstetrics) position of the fetus in the uterus relative to the birth canal - e.g. Cesarean sections are sometimes the result of abnormal presentations
primary (election) - (noun) a preliminary election where delegates or nominees are chosen - e.g.
primary (flight feather) - (noun) one of the main flight feathers projecting along the outer edge of a bird's wing - e.g.
primary (celestial body) - (noun) (astronomy) a celestial body (especially a star) relative to other objects in orbit around it - e.g.
primary (coil) - (noun) coil forming the part of an electrical circuit such that changing current in it induces a current in a neighboring circuit - e.g. current through the primary coil induces current in the secondary coil
prime (number) - (noun) a number that has no factor but itself and 1 - e.g.
prime (number) - (noun) the period of greatest prosperity or productivity - e.g.
prime (canonical hour) - (noun) the second canonical hour; about 6 a.m. - e.g.
prime (adulthood) - (noun) the time of maturity when power and vigor are greatest - e.g.
prime (fix) - (verb) insert a primer into (a gun, mine, or charge) preparatory to detonation or firing - e.g. prime a cannon
prime (paint) - (verb) cover with a primer; apply a primer to - e.g.
prime (fill) - (verb) fill with priming liquid - e.g. prime a car engine
prime (fill) - (verb) first in rank or degree - e.g. an architect of premier rank
principal (debt) - (noun) the original amount of a debt on which interest is calculated - e.g.
principal (educator) - (noun) the educator who has executive authority for a school - e.g. she sent unruly pupils to see the principal
principal (educator) - (noun) an actor who plays a principal role - e.g.
principal (capital) - (noun) capital as contrasted with the income derived from it - e.g.
principal (wrongdoer) - (noun) (criminal law) any person involved in a criminal offense, regardless of whether the person profits from such involvement - e.g.
principal (financier) - (noun) the major party to a financial transaction at a stock exchange; buys and sells for his own account - e.g.
principal (financier) - (noun) most important element - e.g. the chief aim of living
principle (generalization) - (noun) a basic generalization that is accepted as true and that can be used as a basis for reasoning or conduct - e.g. their principles of composition characterized all their works
principle (value) - (noun) a rule or standard especially of good behavior - e.g. a man of principle
principle (law) - (noun) a basic truth or law or assumption - e.g. the principles of democracy
principle (law) - (noun) a rule or law concerning a natural phenomenon or the function of a complex system - e.g. the principle of the conservation of mass
principle (rule) - (noun) rule of personal conduct - e.g.
principle (rule) - (noun) (law) an explanation of the fundamental reasons (especially an explanation of the working of some device in terms of laws of nature) - e.g. the rationale for capital punishment
prior (superior) - (noun) the head of a religious order; in an abbey the prior is next below the abbot - e.g.
prior (superior) - (noun) earlier in time - e.g.
prior (superior) - (noun) continue talking - e.g. I know it's hard," he continued, "but there is no choice
proceed (travel) - (verb) move ahead; travel onward in time or space - e.g. We proceeded towards Washington
proceed (travel) - (verb) follow a procedure or take a course - e.g. We should go farther in this matter
proceed (happen) - (verb) follow a certain course - e.g. The inauguration went well
proceed (happen) - (verb) continue a certain state, condition, or activity - e.g. Keep on working!
proceed (happen) - (verb) (law) the institution of a sequence of steps by which legal judgments are invoked - e.g.
proceed (happen) - (verb) a written account of what transpired at a meeting - e.g.
proceed (happen) - (verb) (law) the institution of a sequence of steps by which legal judgments are invoked - e.g.
proceed (happen) - (verb) continue talking - e.g. I know it's hard," he continued, "but there is no choice
proceed (happen) - (verb) move ahead; travel onward in time or space - e.g. We proceeded towards Washington
proceed (happen) - (verb) follow a procedure or take a course - e.g. We should go farther in this matter
proceed (happen) - (verb) follow a certain course - e.g. The inauguration went well
proceed (happen) - (verb) continue a certain state, condition, or activity - e.g. Keep on working!
proceed (happen) - (verb) a particular course of action intended to achieve a result - e.g. the procedure of obtaining a driver's license
process (cognition) - (noun) (psychology) the performance of some composite cognitive activity; an operation that affects mental contents - e.g. the process of thinking
process (cognition) - (noun) a writ issued by authority of law; usually compels the defendant's attendance in a civil suit; failure to appear results in a default judgment against the defendant - e.g.
process (cognition) - (noun) a mental process that you are not directly aware of - e.g. the process of denial
process (body part) - (noun) a natural prolongation or projection from a part of an organism either animal or plant - e.g. a bony process
process (physical entity) - (noun) a sustained phenomenon or one marked by gradual changes through a series of states - e.g. events now in process
process (affect) - (verb) subject to a process or treatment, with the aim of readying for some purpose, improving, or remedying a condition - e.g. process cheese
process (manage) - (verb) deal with in a routine way - e.g. I'll handle that one
process (calculate) - (verb) perform mathematical and logical operations on (data) according to programmed instructions in order to obtain the required information - e.g. The results of the elections were still being processed when he gave his acceptance speech
process (calculate) - (verb) institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against - e.g. He was warned that the district attorney would process him
process (calculate) - (verb) march in a procession - e.g. They processed into the dining room
process (calculate) - (verb) shape, form, or improve a material - e.g. work stone into tools
process (calculate) - (verb) deliver a warrant or summons to someone - e.g. He was processed by the sheriff
processing (process) - (noun) preparing or putting through a prescribed procedure - e.g. the processing of newly arrived immigrants
processing (process) - (noun) subject to a process or treatment, with the aim of readying for some purpose, improving, or remedying a condition - e.g. process cheese
processing (process) - (noun) deal with in a routine way - e.g. I'll handle that one
processing (process) - (noun) perform mathematical and logical operations on (data) according to programmed instructions in order to obtain the required information - e.g. The results of the elections were still being processed when he gave his acceptance speech
processing (process) - (noun) institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against - e.g. He was warned that the district attorney would process him
processing (process) - (noun) march in a procession - e.g. They processed into the dining room
processing (process) - (noun) shape, form, or improve a material - e.g. work stone into tools
processing (process) - (noun) deliver a warrant or summons to someone - e.g. He was processed by the sheriff
processing (process) - (noun) commodities offered for sale - e.g. good business depends on having good merchandise
product (creation) - (noun) an artifact that has been created by someone or some process - e.g. they improve their product every year
product (quantity) - (noun) a quantity obtained by multiplication - e.g. the product of 2 and 3 is 6
product (chemical) - (noun) a chemical substance formed as a result of a chemical reaction - e.g. a product of lime and nitric acid
product (consequence) - (noun) a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances - e.g. skill is the product of hours of practice
product (consequence) - (noun) the set of elements common to two or more sets - e.g. the set of red hats is the intersection of the set of hats and the set of red things
prof (academician) - (noun) someone who is a member of the faculty at a college or university - e.g.
professional (adult) - (noun) a person engaged in one of the learned professions - e.g.
professional (athlete) - (noun) an athlete who plays for pay - e.g.
professional (athlete) - (noun) an authority qualified to teach apprentices - e.g.
professional (athlete) - (noun) gradual improvement or growth or development - e.g. advancement of knowledge
progress (motion) - (noun) the act of moving forward (as toward a goal) - e.g.
progress (change of location) - (noun) a movement forward - e.g. he listened for the progress of the troops
progress (develop) - (verb) develop in a positive way - e.g. He progressed well in school
progress (develop) - (verb) move forward, also in the metaphorical sense - e.g. Time marches on
progress (develop) - (verb) form or accumulate steadily - e.g. Resistance to the manager's plan built up quickly
progress (develop) - (verb) any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted - e.g. he prepared for great undertakings
project (plan) - (noun) a planned undertaking - e.g.
project (communicate) - (verb) communicate vividly - e.g. He projected his feelings
project (communicate) - (verb) extend out or project in space - e.g. His sharp nose jutted out
project (transmit) - (verb) transfer (ideas or principles) from one domain into another - e.g.
project (show) - (verb) project on a screen - e.g. The images are projected onto the screen
project (cause to be perceived) - (verb) cause to be heard - e.g. His voice projects well
project (draw) - (verb) draw a projection of - e.g.
project (draw) - (verb) make or work out a plan for; devise - e.g. They contrived to murder their boss
project (plan) - (verb) present for consideration, examination, criticism, etc. - e.g. He proposed a new plan for dealing with terrorism
project (plan) - (verb) imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind - e.g. I can't see him on horseback!
project (send) - (verb) put or send forth - e.g. She threw the flashlight beam into the corner
project (propel) - (verb) throw, send, or cast forward - e.g. project a missile
project (impute) - (verb) regard as objective - e.g.
promote (support) - (verb) contribute to the progress or growth of - e.g. I am promoting the use of computers in the classroom
promote (delegate) - (verb) give a promotion to or assign to a higher position - e.g. John was kicked upstairs when a replacement was hired
promote (delegate) - (verb) make publicity for; try to sell (a product) - e.g. The salesman is aggressively pushing the new computer model
promote (change) - (verb) be changed for a superior chess or checker piece - e.g.
promote (play) - (verb) change a pawn for a better piece by advancing it to the eighth row, or change a checker piece for a more valuable piece by moving it to the row closest to your opponent - e.g.
proof (evidence) - (noun) any factual evidence that helps to establish the truth of something - e.g. if you have any proof for what you say, now is the time to produce it
proof (argument) - (noun) a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it - e.g.
proof (measure) - (noun) a measure of alcoholic strength expressed as an integer twice the percentage of alcohol present (by volume) - e.g.
proof (impression) - (noun) (printing) an impression made to check for errors - e.g.
proof (photographic print) - (noun) a trial photographic print from a negative - e.g.
proof (photographic print) - (noun) the act of validating; finding or testing the truth of something - e.g.
proof (produce) - (verb) make or take a proof of, such as a photographic negative, an etching, or typeset - e.g.
proof (knead) - (verb) knead to reach proper lightness - e.g. proof dough
proof (see) - (verb) read for errors - e.g. I should proofread my manuscripts
proof (change) - (verb) activate by mixing with water and sometimes sugar or milk - e.g. proof yeast
proof (strengthen) - (verb) make resistant (to harm) - e.g. proof the materials against shrinking in the dryer
property (possession) - (noun) something owned; any tangible or intangible possession that is owned by someone;  - e.g. that hat is my property
property (attribute) - (noun) a basic or essential attribute shared by all members of a class - e.g. a study of the physical properties of atomic particles
property (attribute) - (noun) any area set aside for a particular purpose - e.g. who owns this place?
property (concept) - (noun) a construct whereby objects or individuals can be distinguished - e.g. self-confidence is not an endearing property
property (object) - (noun) any movable articles or objects used on the set of a play or movie - e.g. before every scene he ran down his checklist of props
proportion (quotient) - (noun) the quotient obtained when the magnitude of a part is divided by the magnitude of the whole - e.g.
proportion (magnitude) - (noun) magnitude or extent - e.g. a building of vast proportions
proportion (magnitude) - (noun) balance among the parts of something - e.g.
proportion (magnitude relation) - (noun) the relation between things (or parts of things) with respect to their comparative quantity, magnitude, or degree - e.g. an inordinate proportion of the book is given over to quotations
proportion (placement) - (noun) harmonious arrangement or relation of parts or elements within a whole (as in a design) - e.g. in all perfectly beautiful objects there is found the opposition of one part to another and a reciprocal balance"- John Ruskin
proportion (harmonize) - (verb) give pleasant proportions to - e.g. harmonize a building with those surrounding it
proportion (adjust) - (verb) adjust in size relative to other things - e.g.
proportion (adjust) - (verb) to a proportionate degree - e.g. your salary will rise proportionately to your workload
publication (work) - (noun) a copy of a printed work offered for distribution - e.g.
publication (work) - (noun) the act of issuing printed materials - e.g.
publication (communication) - (noun) the communication of something to the public; making information generally known - e.g.
publication (commercial enterprise) - (noun) the business of issuing printed matter for sale or distribution - e.g.
purchase (acquisition) - (noun) the acquisition of something for payment - e.g. they closed the purchase with a handshake
purchase (acquisition) - (noun) something acquired by purchase - e.g.
purchase (influence) - (noun) a means of exerting influence or gaining advantage - e.g. he could get no purchase on the situation
purchase (influence) - (noun) the mechanical advantage gained by being in a position to use a lever - e.g.
purchase (influence) - (noun) obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction - e.g. The family purchased a new car
purchase (influence) - (noun) an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control: "the range of a supersonic jet" - e.g. a piano has a greater range than the human voice
range (limit) - (noun) the limits within which something can be effective - e.g. range of motion
range (tract) - (noun) a large tract of grassy open land on which livestock can graze - e.g. they used to drive the cattle across the open range every spring
range (geological formation) - (noun) a series of hills or mountains - e.g. the valley was between two ranges of hills
range (facility) - (noun) a place for shooting (firing or driving) projectiles of various kinds - e.g. the army maintains a missile range in the desert
range (assortment) - (noun) a variety of different things or activities - e.g. he answered a range of questions
range (assortment) - (noun) (mathematics) the set of values of the dependent variable for which a function is defined - e.g. the image of f(x) = x^2 is the set of all non-negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers
range (assortment) - (noun) the limit of capability - e.g. within the compass of education
range (assortment) - (noun) a kitchen appliance used for cooking food - e.g. dinner was already on the stove
range (be) - (verb) change or be different within limits - e.g. Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $2 billion
range (be) - (verb) move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment - e.g. The gypsies roamed the woods
range (be) - (verb) change or be different within limits - e.g. Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $2 billion
range (be) - (verb) move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment - e.g. The gypsies roamed the woods
range (be) - (verb) have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun - e.g. This gun ranges over two miles
range (be) - (verb) range or extend over; occupy a certain area - e.g. The plants straddle the entire state
range (be) - (verb) lay out orderly or logically in a line or as if in a line - e.g. lay out the clothes
range (be) - (verb) feed as in a meadow or pasture - e.g. the herd was grazing
range (be) - (verb) let eat - e.g. range the animals in the prairie
range (be) - (verb) assign a rank or rating to - e.g. how would you rank these students?
rate (magnitude relation) - (noun) a magnitude or frequency relative to a time unit - e.g. they traveled at a rate of 55 miles per hour
rate (charge) - (noun) amount of a charge or payment relative to some basis - e.g. a 10-minute phone call at that rate would cost $5
rate (charge) - (noun) the relative speed of progress or change - e.g. he lived at a fast pace
rate (proportion) - (noun) a quantity or amount or measure considered as a proportion of another quantity or amount or measure - e.g. the literacy rate
rate (evaluate) - (verb) assign a rank or rating to - e.g. how would you rank these students?
rate (be) - (verb) be worthy of or have a certain rating - e.g. This bond rates highly
rate (measure) - (verb) estimate the value of - e.g. How would you rate his chances to become President?
rate (measure) - (verb) (chemistry) a process in which one or more substances are changed into others - e.g. there was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water
reaction (idea) - (noun) an idea evoked by some experience - e.g. his reaction to the news was to start planning what to do
reaction (bodily process) - (noun) a bodily process occurring due to the effect of some antecedent stimulus or agent - e.g. a bad reaction to the medicine
reaction (force) - (noun) (mechanics) the equal and opposite force that is produced when any force is applied to a body - e.g. every action has an equal and opposite reaction
reaction (response) - (noun) a response that reveals a person's feelings or attitude - e.g. he was pleased by the audience's reaction to his performance
reaction (conservatism) - (noun) extreme conservatism in political or social matters - e.g. the forces of reaction carried the election
reaction (resistance) - (noun) doing something in opposition to another way of doing it that you don't like - e.g. his style of painting was a reaction against cubism
reaction (resistance) - (noun) a remark that calls attention to something or someone - e.g. she made frequent mention of her promotion
reaction (resistance) - (noun) a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage - e.g. the student's essay failed to list several important citations
reference (indicator) - (noun) an indicator that orients you generally - e.g. it is used as a reference for comparing the heating and the electrical energy involved
reference (book) - (noun) a book to which you can refer for authoritative facts - e.g. he contributed articles to the basic reference work on that topic
reference (book) - (noun) a formal recommendation by a former employer to a potential future employer describing the person's qualifications and dependability - e.g. requests for character references are all too often answered evasively
reference (meaning) - (noun) the most direct or specific meaning of a word or expression; the class of objects that an expression refers to - e.g. the extension of `satellite of Mars' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos
reference (action) - (noun) the act of referring or consulting - e.g. reference to an encyclopedia produced the answer
reference (publication) - (noun) a publication (or a passage from a publication) that is referred to - e.g. he carried an armful of references back to his desk
reference (publication) - (noun) (computer science) the code that identifies where a piece of information is stored - e.g.
reference (meaning) - (noun) the relation between a word or phrase and the object or idea it refers to - e.g. he argued that reference is a consequence of conditioned reflexes
reference (write) - (verb) refer to - e.g. he referenced his colleagues' work
region (location) - (noun) the extended spatial location of something - e.g. the farming regions of France
region (location) - (noun) a part of an animal that has a special function or is supplied by a given artery or nerve - e.g. in the abdominal region
region (location) - (noun) a large indefinite location on the surface of the Earth - e.g. penguins inhabit the polar regions
region (indefinite quantity) - (noun) the approximate amount of something (usually used prepositionally as in `in the region of') - e.g. it was going to take in the region of two or three months to finish the job
region (knowledge domain) - (noun) a knowledge domain that you are interested in or are communicating about - e.g. it was a limited realm of discourse
regulate (adjust) - (verb) fix or adjust the time, amount, degree, or rate of - e.g. regulate the temperature
regulate (decide) - (verb) bring into conformity with rules or principles or usage; impose regulations - e.g. We cannot regulate the way people dress
regulate (decide) - (verb) shape or influence; give direction to - e.g. experience often determines ability
regulate (decide) - (verb) check the emission of (sound) - e.g.
regulate (decide) - (verb) refuse to accept or acknowledge - e.g. I reject the idea of starting a war
regulate (decide) - (verb) refuse to accept - e.g. He refused my offer of hospitality
regulate (decide) - (verb) deem wrong or inappropriate - e.g. I disapprove of her child rearing methods
regulate (decide) - (verb) reject with contempt - e.g. She spurned his advances
regulate (decide) - (verb) resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ - e.g. His body rejected the liver of the donor
regulate (decide) - (verb) refuse entrance or membership - e.g. They turned away hundreds of fans
regulate (decide) - (verb) dismiss from consideration or a contest - e.g. John was ruled out as a possible suspect because he had a strong alibi
regulate (decide) - (verb) rebuffed (by a lover) without warning - e.g. jilted at the altar
regulate (decide) - (verb) make a logical or causal connection - e.g. I cannot connect these two pieces of evidence in my mind
regulate (decide) - (verb) be relevant to - e.g. There were lots of questions referring to her talk
regulate (decide) - (verb) give an account of - e.g. The witness related the events
regulate (decide) - (verb) be in a relationship with - e.g. How are these two observations related?
regulate (decide) - (verb) have or establish a relationship to - e.g. She relates well to her peers
related (decide) - (verb) the relation of something to the matter at hand - e.g.
relevant (decide) - (verb) have confidence or faith in - e.g. We can trust in God
relevant (decide) - (verb) have confidence or faith in - e.g. We can trust in God
relevant (decide) - (verb) have confidence or faith in - e.g. We can trust in God
relevant (decide) - (verb) a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation - e.g. I waited several days for his answer
reply (speech act) - (noun) the speech act of continuing a conversational exchange - e.g. he growled his reply
reply (speech act) - (noun) react verbally - e.g. She didn't want to answer
report (document) - (noun) a written document describing the findings of some individual or group - e.g. this accords with the recent study by Hill and Dale
report (informing) - (noun) the act of informing by verbal report - e.g. he heard reports that they were causing trouble
report (news) - (noun) a short account of the news - e.g. the report of his speech
report (noise) - (noun) a sharp explosive sound (especially the sound of a gun firing) - e.g. they heard a violent report followed by silence
report (information) - (noun) a written evaluation of a student's scholarship and deportment - e.g. his father signed his report card
report (information) - (noun) an essay (especially one written as an assignment) - e.g. he got an A on his composition
report (information) - (noun) the general estimation that the public has for a person - e.g. he acquired a reputation as an actor before he started writing
report (inform) - (verb) to give an account or representation of in words - e.g. Discreet Italian police described it in a manner typically continental
report (announce) - (verb) announce as the result of an investigation or experience or finding - e.g. Dozens of incidents of wife beatings are reported daily in this city
report (announce) - (verb) announce one's presence - e.g. I report to work every day at 9 o'clock
report (inform) - (verb) make known to the authorities - e.g. One student reported the other to the principal
report (inform) - (verb) be responsible for reporting the details of, as in journalism - e.g. Snow reported on China in the 1950's
report (complain) - (verb) complain about; make a charge against - e.g. I reported her to the supervisor
report (complain) - (verb) require as useful, just, or proper - e.g. It takes nerve to do what she did
report (complain) - (verb) consider obligatory; request and expect - e.g. We require our secretary to be on time
report (complain) - (verb) make someone do something - e.g.
report (complain) - (verb) have need of - e.g. This piano wants the attention of a competent tuner
requirement (duty) - (noun) required activity - e.g. the requirements of his work affected his health
requirement (duty) - (noun) anything indispensable - e.g. food and shelter are necessities of life
requirement (duty) - (noun) something that is required in advance - e.g. Latin was a prerequisite for admission
requirement (duty) - (noun) required activity - e.g. the requirements of his work affected his health
requirement (duty) - (noun) anything indispensable - e.g. food and shelter are necessities of life
requirement (duty) - (noun) something that is required in advance - e.g. Latin was a prerequisite for admission
research (investigation) - (noun) systematic investigation to establish facts - e.g.
research (investigation) - (noun) a search for knowledge - e.g. their pottery deserves more research than it has received
research (investigate) - (verb) attempt to find out in a systematically and scientific manner - e.g. The student researched the history of that word
research (investigate) - (verb) inquire into - e.g. the students had to research the history of the Second World War for their history project
research (investigate) - (verb) a scientist who devotes himself to doing research - e.g.
reside (populate) - (verb) make one's home in a particular place or community - e.g. may parents reside in Florida
reside (populate) - (verb) live (in a certain place) - e.g. She resides in Princeton
reside (populate) - (verb) be inherent or innate in;  - e.g.
reside (populate) - (verb) make one's home in a particular place or community - e.g. may parents reside in Florida
reside (populate) - (verb) live (in a certain place) - e.g. She resides in Princeton
reside (populate) - (verb) be inherent or innate in;  - e.g.
reside (populate) - (verb) bring to an end; settle conclusively - e.g. The case was decided
reside (populate) - (verb) reach a conclusion after a discussion or deliberation - e.g.
reside (populate) - (verb) reach a decision - e.g. he resolved never to drink again
reside (populate) - (verb) understand the meaning of - e.g. The question concerning the meaning of life cannot be answered
reside (populate) - (verb) make clearly visible - e.g. can this image be resolved?
reside (populate) - (verb) find the solution - e.g. solve an equation
reside (populate) - (verb) cause to go into a solution - e.g. The recipe says that we should dissolve a cup of sugar in two cups of water
reside (populate) - (verb) determined - e.g. she was firmly resolved to be a doctor
reside (populate) - (verb) explained or answered; problems resolved and unresolved" - e.g. mysteries solved and unsolved
resource (assets) - (noun) available source of wealth; a new or reserve supply that can be drawn upon when needed - e.g.
resource (asset) - (noun) a source of aid or support that may be drawn upon when needed - e.g. the local library is a valuable resource
resource (inventiveness) - (noun) the ability to deal resourcefully with unusual problems - e.g. a man of resource
resource (inventiveness) - (noun) available source of wealth; a new or reserve supply that can be drawn upon when needed - e.g.
resource (inventiveness) - (noun) a source of aid or support that may be drawn upon when needed - e.g. the local library is a valuable resource
resource (inventiveness) - (noun) the ability to deal resourcefully with unusual problems - e.g. a man of resource
resource (inventiveness) - (noun) show a response or a reaction to something - e.g.
resource (inventiveness) - (noun) react verbally - e.g. She didn't want to answer
respond (react) - (verb) respond favorably or as hoped - e.g. The cancer responded to the aggressive therapy
response (consequence) - (noun) a result - e.g. this situation developed in response to events in Africa
response (consequence) - (noun) a bodily process occurring due to the effect of some antecedent stimulus or agent - e.g. a bad reaction to the medicine
response (consequence) - (noun) a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation - e.g. I waited several days for his answer
response (consequence) - (noun) the manner in which something is greeted - e.g. she did not expect the cold reception she received from her superiors
response (phrase) - (noun) a phrase recited or sung by the congregation following a versicle by the priest or minister - e.g.
response (phrase) - (noun) the speech act of continuing a conversational exchange - e.g. he growled his reply
response (manner) - (noun) the manner in which an electrical or mechanical device responds to an input signal or a range of input signals - e.g.
restrict (limit) - (verb) place restrictions on - e.g. curtail drinking in school
restrict (control) - (verb) place under restrictions; limit access to - e.g. This substance is controlled
restrict (control) - (verb) place limits on (extent or access) - e.g. restrict the use of this parking lot
restrict (control) - (verb) make more specific - e.g. qualify these remarks
restriction (rule) - (noun) a principle that limits the extent of something - e.g. I am willing to accept certain restrictions on my movements
restriction (rule) - (noun) an act of limiting or restricting (as by regulation) - e.g.
restriction (restraint) - (noun) the act of keeping something within specified bounds (by force if necessary) - e.g. the restriction of the infection to a focal area
restriction (restraint) - (noun) a principle that limits the extent of something - e.g. I am willing to accept certain restrictions on my movements
restriction (restraint) - (noun) an act of limiting or restricting (as by regulation) - e.g.
restriction (restraint) - (noun) the act of keeping something within specified bounds (by force if necessary) - e.g. the restriction of the infection to a focal area
restriction (restraint) - (noun) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon - e.g. the magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise
restriction (restraint) - (noun) a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem - e.g. they were trying to find a peaceful solution
result (ending) - (noun) something that results - e.g. he listened for the results on the radio
result (semantic role) - (noun) the semantic role of the noun phrase whose referent exists only by virtue of the activity denoted by the verb in the clause - e.g.
result (prove) - (verb) issue or terminate (in a specified way, state, etc.); end - e.g. result in tragedy
result (prove) - (verb) have as a result or residue - e.g. The water left a mark on the silk dress
result (happen) - (verb) come about or follow as a consequence - e.g. nothing will result from this meeting
result (happen) - (verb) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon - e.g. the magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise
result (happen) - (verb) a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem - e.g. they were trying to find a peaceful solution
result (happen) - (verb) something that results - e.g. he listened for the results on the radio
result (happen) - (verb) the semantic role of the noun phrase whose referent exists only by virtue of the activity denoted by the verb in the clause - e.g.
result (happen) - (verb) issue or terminate (in a specified way, state, etc.); end - e.g. result in tragedy
result (happen) - (verb) have as a result or residue - e.g. The water left a mark on the silk dress
result (happen) - (verb) come about or follow as a consequence - e.g. nothing will result from this meeting
result (happen) - (verb) hold back within - e.g. This soil retains water
result (happen) - (verb) allow to remain in a place or position or maintain a property or feature - e.g. We cannot continue several servants any longer
result (happen) - (verb) secure and keep for possible future use or application - e.g. The landlord retained the security deposit
result (happen) - (verb) keep in one's mind - e.g. I cannot retain so much information
result (happen) - (verb) make visible - e.g. Summer brings out bright clothes
result (happen) - (verb) make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret - e.g. The auction house would not disclose the price at which the van Gogh had sold
reveal (unwrap) - (verb) disclose directly or through prophets - e.g. God rarely reveal his plans for Mankind
reveal (unwrap) - (verb) make visible - e.g. Summer brings out bright clothes
reveal (unwrap) - (verb) make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret - e.g. The auction house would not disclose the price at which the van Gogh had sold
reveal (unwrap) - (verb) disclose directly or through prophets - e.g. God rarely reveal his plans for Mankind
reveal (unwrap) - (verb) a new appraisal or evaluation - e.g.
review (criticism) - (noun) an essay or article that gives a critical evaluation (as of a book or play) - e.g.
review (criticism) - (noun) a subsequent examination of a patient for the purpose of monitoring earlier treatment - e.g.
review (accounting) - (noun) (accounting) a service (less exhaustive than an audit) that provides some assurance to interested parties as to the reliability of financial data - e.g.
review (accounting) - (noun) a variety show with topical sketches and songs and dancing and comedians - e.g.
review (periodical) - (noun) a periodical that publishes critical essays on current affairs or literature or art - e.g.
review (periodical) - (noun) a summary at the end that repeats the substance of a longer discussion - e.g.
review (proceeding) - (noun) (law) a judicial reexamination of the proceedings of a court (especially by an appellate court) - e.g.
review (exercise) - (noun) practice intended to polish performance or refresh the memory - e.g.
review (exercise) - (noun) a formal or official examination - e.g. the platoon stood ready for review
review (analyze) - (verb) look at again; examine again - e.g. let's review your situation
review (evaluate) - (verb) appraise critically - e.g. She reviews books for the New York Times
review (inspect) - (verb) hold a review (of troops) - e.g.
review (remember) - (verb) refresh one's memory - e.g. I reviewed the material before the test
review (remember) - (verb) look back upon (a period of time, sequence of events); remember - e.g. she reviewed her achievements with pride
robust (remember) - (verb) the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group - e.g. the function of a teacher
robust (remember) - (verb) an actor's portrayal of someone in a play - e.g. she played the part of Desdemona
robust (remember) - (verb) what something is used for - e.g. the function of an auger is to bore holes
role (activity) - (noun) normal or customary activity of a person in a particular social setting - e.g. what is your role on the team?
rule (concept) - (noun) a principle or condition that customarily governs behavior - e.g. it was his rule to take a walk before breakfast
rule (concept) - (noun) something regarded as a normative example - e.g. the convention of not naming the main character
rule (direction) - (noun) prescribed guide for conduct or action - e.g.
rule (concept) - (noun) (linguistics) a rule describing (or prescribing) a linguistic practice - e.g.
rule (concept) - (noun) a basic generalization that is accepted as true and that can be used as a basis for reasoning or conduct - e.g. their principles of composition characterized all their works
rule (duration) - (noun) the duration of a monarch's or government's power - e.g. during the rule of Elizabeth
rule (duration) - (noun) dominance or power through legal authority - e.g. France held undisputed dominion over vast areas of Africa
rule (direction) - (noun) directions that define the way a game or sport is to be conducted - e.g. he knew the rules of chess
rule (direction) - (noun) any one of a systematic body of regulations defining the way of life of members of a religious order - e.g. the rule of St. Dominic
rule (direction) - (noun) a rule or law concerning a natural phenomenon or the function of a complex system - e.g. the principle of the conservation of mass
rule (procedure) - (noun) (mathematics) a standard procedure for solving a class of mathematical problems - e.g. he determined the upper bound with Descartes' rule of signs
rule (measuring stick) - (noun) measuring stick consisting of a strip of wood or metal or plastic with a straight edge that is used for drawing straight lines and measuring lengths - e.g.
rule (measuring stick) - (noun) exercise authority over; as of nations - e.g. Who is governing the country now?
rule (decide) - (verb) decide with authority - e.g. The King decreed that all firstborn males should be killed
rule (decide) - (verb) be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance - e.g. Money reigns supreme here
rule (pronounce) - (verb) decide on and make a declaration about - e.g. find someone guilty
rule (attach to) - (verb) have an affinity with; of signs of the zodiac - e.g.
rule (draw) - (verb) mark or draw with a ruler - e.g. rule the margins
rule (restrict) - (verb) keep in check - e.g. rule one's temper
salient (projection) - (noun) (military) the part of the line of battle that projects closest to the enemy - e.g.
salient (projection) - (noun) having a quality that thrusts itself into attention - e.g. an outstanding fact of our time is that nations poisoned by anti semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom
scheme (plan of action) - (noun) an elaborate and systematic plan of action - e.g.
scheme (plan of action) - (noun) a statement that evades the question by cleverness or trickery - e.g.
scheme (plan of action) - (noun) a group of independent but interrelated elements comprising a unified whole - e.g. a vast system of production and distribution and consumption keep the country going
scheme (plan of action) - (noun) an internal representation of the world; an organization of concepts and actions that can be revised by new information about the world - e.g.
scheme (plan of action) - (noun) a schematic or preliminary plan - e.g.
scheme (plot) - (verb) form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner - e.g.
scheme (plan) - (verb) devise a system or form a scheme for - e.g.
scholar (intellectual) - (noun) a learned person (especially in the humanities); someone who by long study has gained mastery in one or more disciplines - e.g.
scholar (intellectual) - (noun) someone (especially a child) who learns (as from a teacher) or takes up knowledge or beliefs - e.g.
scholar (student) - (noun) a student who holds a scholarship - e.g.
science (discipline) - (noun) a particular branch of scientific knowledge - e.g. the science of genetics
science (discipline) - (noun) ability to produce solutions in some problem domain - e.g. the skill of a well-trained boxer
scientific (discipline) - (noun) a person with advanced knowledge of one or more sciences - e.g.
scope (extent) - (noun) an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control: "the range of a supersonic jet" - e.g. a piano has a greater range than the human voice
scope (extent) - (noun) the state of the environment in which a situation exists - e.g. you can't do that in a university setting
scope (extent) - (noun) a magnifier of images of distant objects - e.g.
scope (extent) - (noun) electronic equipment that provides visual images of varying electrical quantities - e.g.
search (activity) - (noun) the activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone - e.g.
search (investigation) - (noun) an investigation seeking answers - e.g. a thorough search of the ledgers revealed nothing
search (operation) - (noun) an operation that determines whether one or more of a set of items has a specified property - e.g. they wrote a program to do a table lookup
search (higher cognitive process) - (noun) the examination of alternative hypotheses - e.g. his search for a move that would avoid checkmate was unsuccessful
search (examination) - (noun) boarding and inspecting a ship on the high seas - e.g. right of search
section (music) - (noun) a self-contained part of a larger composition (written or musical) - e.g. he always turns first to the business section
section (slice) - (noun) a very thin slice (of tissue or mineral or other substance) for examination under a microscope - e.g. sections from the left ventricle showed diseased tissue
section (area) - (noun) a distinct region or subdivision of a territorial or political area or community or group of people - e.g. no section of the nation is more ardent than the South
section (part) - (noun) one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object - e.g. a section of a fishing rod
section (team) - (noun) a small team of policemen working as part of a police platoon - e.g.
section (team) - (noun) one of the portions into which something is regarded as divided and which together constitute a whole - e.g. the written part of the exam
section (square mile) - (noun) a land unit equal to 1 square mile - e.g.
section (area) - (noun) (geometry) the area created by a plane cutting through a solid - e.g.
section (class) - (noun) a small class of students who are part of a larger course but are taught separately - e.g. a graduate student taught sections for the professor's lecture course
section (musical organization) - (noun) a division of an orchestra containing all instruments of the same class - e.g.
section (army unit) - (noun) a small army unit usually having a special function - e.g.
section (army unit) - (noun) a specialized division of a large organization - e.g. you'll find it in the hardware department
section (segment) - (noun) a segment of a citrus fruit - e.g. he ate a section of the orange
section (segment) - (noun) the cutting of or into body tissues or organs (especially by a surgeon as part of an operation) - e.g.
section (segment) - (noun) divide into segments - e.g. segment an orange
sector (plane figure) - (noun) a plane figure bounded by two radii and the included arc of a circle - e.g.
sector (social group) - (noun) a social group that forms part of the society or the economy - e.g. the public sector
sector (aspect) - (noun) a particular aspect of life or activity - e.g. he was helpless in an important sector of his life
sector (computer memory unit) - (noun) the minimum track length that can be assigned to store information; unless otherwise specified a sector of data consists of 512 bytes - e.g.
sector (tract) - (noun) a portion of a military position - e.g.
sector (measuring instrument) - (noun) measuring instrument consisting of two graduated arms hinged at one end - e.g.
sector (measuring instrument) - (noun) get by special effort - e.g. He procured extra cigarettes even though they were rationed
sector (measuring instrument) - (noun) cause to be firmly attached - e.g. fasten the lock onto the door
secure (guarantee) - (verb) assure payment of - e.g.
secure (guarantee) - (verb) make certain of - e.g. This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us
secure (guarantee) - (verb) fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug - e.g. plug the hole
secure (guarantee) - (verb) furnish with battens - e.g. batten ships
seek (movement) - (noun) the movement of a read/write head to a specific data track on a disk - e.g.
seek (desire) - (verb) try to get or reach - e.g. seek a position
seek (desire) - (verb) try to locate or discover, or try to establish the existence of - e.g. The police are searching for clues
seek (desire) - (verb) make an effort or attempt - e.g. He tried to shake off his fears
seek (travel) - (verb) go to or towards - e.g. a liquid seeks its own level
seek (request) - (verb) inquire for - e.g. seek directions from a local
seek (request) - (verb) pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives - e.g. Take any one of these cards
seek (request) - (verb) of superior grade - e.g. choice wines
seek (request) - (verb) selected or chosen for special qualifications - e.g. the blue-ribbon event of the season
seek (request) - (verb) pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives - e.g. Take any one of these cards
selected (request) - (verb) the act of choosing or selecting - e.g. your choice of colors was unfortunate
selection (assortment) - (noun) an assortment of things from which a choice can be made - e.g. the store carried a large selection of shoes
selection (assortment) - (noun) the person or thing chosen or selected - e.g. he was my pick for mayor
selection (assortment) - (noun) a natural process resulting in the evolution of organisms best adapted to the environment - e.g.
selection (assortment) - (noun) a passage selected from a larger work - e.g. he presented excerpts from William James' philosophical writings
sequence (series) - (noun) serial arrangement in which things follow in logical order or a recurrent pattern - e.g. the sequence of names was alphabetical
sequence (temporal arrangement) - (noun) a following of one thing after another in time - e.g. the doctor saw a sequence of patients
sequence (film) - (noun) film consisting of a succession of related shots that develop a given subject in a movie - e.g.
sequence (film) - (noun) the action of following in order - e.g. he played the trumps in sequence
sequence (repeat) - (noun) several repetitions of a melodic phrase in different keys - e.g.
sequence (rate) - (verb) arrange in a sequence - e.g.
sequence (determine) - (verb) determine the order of constituents in - e.g. They sequenced the human genome
series (ordering) - (noun) similar things placed in order or happening one after another - e.g. they were investigating a series of bank robberies
series (ordering) - (noun) a serialized set of programs - e.g. a comedy series
series (periodical) - (noun) a periodical that appears at scheduled times - e.g.
series (contest) - (noun) (sports) several contests played successively by the same teams - e.g. the visiting team swept the series
series (connection) - (noun) (electronics) connection of components in such a manner that current flows first through one and then through the other - e.g. the voltage divider consisted of a series of fixed resistors
series (group) - (noun) a group of postage stamps having a common theme or a group of coins or currency selected as a group for study or collection - e.g. the Post Office issued a series commemorating famous American entertainers
series (polynomial) - (noun) (mathematics) the sum of a finite or infinite sequence of expressions - e.g.
sheet (expanse) - (noun) any broad thin expanse or surface - e.g. a sheet of ice
sheet (paper) - (noun) paper used for writing or printing - e.g.
sheet (bed linen) - (noun) bed linen consisting of a large rectangular piece of cotton or linen cloth; used in pairs - e.g.
sheet (bed linen) - (noun) (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape - e.g. we will refer to the plane of the graph as the X-Y plane
sheet (bed linen) - (noun) newspaper with half-size pages - e.g.
sheet (artifact) - (noun) a flat artifact that is thin relative to its length and width - e.g.
sheet (line) - (noun) (nautical) a line (rope or chain) that regulates the angle at which a sail is set in relation to the wind - e.g.
sheet (line) - (noun) a large piece of fabric (usually canvas fabric) by means of which wind is used to propel a sailing vessel - e.g.
sheet (pour) - (verb) come down as if in sheets - e.g. The rain was sheeting down during the monsoon
sheet (cover) - (verb) cover with a sheet, as if by wrapping - e.g. sheet the body
sheet (cover) - (verb) make a shift in or exchange of; then we switched" - e.g. First Joe led
sheet (cover) - (verb) change place or direction - e.g. Shift one's position
sheet (cover) - (verb) move around - e.g. transfer the packet from his trouser pockets to a pocket in his jacket
sheet (cover) - (verb) move very slightly - e.g. He shifted in his seat
sheet (cover) - (verb) move from one setting or context to another - e.g. shift the emphasis
sheet (cover) - (verb) change in quality - e.g. His tone shifted
sheet (cover) - (verb) move and exchange for another - e.g. shift the date for our class reunion
sheet (cover) - (verb) move sideways or in an unsteady way - e.g. The ship careened out of control
sheet (cover) - (verb) move abruptly - e.g. The ship suddenly lurched to the left
sheet (cover) - (verb) use a shift key on a keyboard - e.g. She could not shift so all her letters are written in lower case
sheet (cover) - (verb) change phonetically as part of a systematic historical change - e.g. Grimm showed how the consonants shifted
sheet (cover) - (verb) change gears - e.g. you have to shift when you go down a steep hill
sheet (cover) - (verb) lay aside, abandon, or leave for another - e.g. switch to a different brand of beer
sheet (cover) - (verb) an event in which something is displaced without rotation - e.g.
sheet (cover) - (verb) a qualitative change - e.g.
sheet (cover) - (verb) the time period during which you are at work - e.g.
sheet (cover) - (verb) the act of changing one thing or position for another - e.g. his switch on abortion cost him the election
sheet (cover) - (verb) the act of moving from one place to another - e.g. his constant shifting disrupted the class
sheet (cover) - (verb) (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one side with respect to the other - e.g. they built it right over a geological fault
sheet (cover) - (verb) a crew of workers who work for a specific period of time - e.g.
sheet (cover) - (verb) the key on the typewriter keyboard that shifts from lower-case letters to upper-case letters - e.g.
sheet (cover) - (verb) a woman's sleeveless undergarment - e.g.
sheet (cover) - (verb) a loose-fitting dress hanging straight from the shoulders without a waist - e.g.
sheet (cover) - (verb) make a shift in or exchange of; then we switched" - e.g. First Joe led
sheet (cover) - (verb) change place or direction - e.g. Shift one's position
sheet (cover) - (verb) move around - e.g. transfer the packet from his trouser pockets to a pocket in his jacket
sheet (cover) - (verb) move very slightly - e.g. He shifted in his seat
sheet (cover) - (verb) move from one setting or context to another - e.g. shift the emphasis
sheet (cover) - (verb) change in quality - e.g. His tone shifted
sheet (cover) - (verb) move and exchange for another - e.g. shift the date for our class reunion
sheet (cover) - (verb) move sideways or in an unsteady way - e.g. The ship careened out of control
sheet (cover) - (verb) move abruptly - e.g. The ship suddenly lurched to the left
sheet (cover) - (verb) use a shift key on a keyboard - e.g. She could not shift so all her letters are written in lower case
sheet (cover) - (verb) change phonetically as part of a systematic historical change - e.g. Grimm showed how the consonants shifted
sheet (cover) - (verb) change gears - e.g. you have to shift when you go down a steep hill
sheet (cover) - (verb) lay aside, abandon, or leave for another - e.g. switch to a different brand of beer
show (entertainment) - (noun) the act of publicly exhibiting or entertaining - e.g. a remarkable show of skill
show (entertainment) - (noun) something intended to communicate a particular impression - e.g. made a display of strength
show (social event) - (noun) a social event involving a public performance or entertainment - e.g. they wanted to see some of the shows on Broadway
show (social event) - (noun) pretending that something is the case in order to make a good impression - e.g. they try to keep up appearances
show (show) - (verb) give an exhibition of to an interested audience - e.g. She shows her dogs frequently
show (show) - (verb) establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment - e.g. The experiment demonstrated the instability of the compound
show (show) - (verb) provide evidence for - e.g. The blood test showed that he was the father
significance (importance) - (noun) the quality of being significant - e.g. do not underestimate the significance of nuclear power
significance (meaning) - (noun) a meaning that is not expressly stated but can be inferred - e.g. the significance of his remark became clear only later
significance (meaning) - (noun) the message that is intended or expressed or signified - e.g. what is the meaning of this sentence
similarity (sameness) - (noun) the quality of being similar - e.g.
similarity (gestalt law of organization) - (noun) a Gestalt principle of organization holding that (other things being equal) parts of a stimulus field that are similar to each other tend to be perceived as belonging together as a unit - e.g.
simulation (model) - (noun) the act of imitating the behavior of some situation or some process by means of something suitably analogous (especially for the purpose of study or personnel training) - e.g.
simulation (technique) - (noun) (computer science) the technique of representing the real world by a computer program - e.g. a simulation should imitate the internal processes and not merely the results of the thing being simulated
simulation (technique) - (noun) representation of something (sometimes on a smaller scale) - e.g.
simulation (technique) - (noun) the act of giving a false appearance - e.g. his conformity was only pretending
site (tract) - (noun) the piece of land on which something is located (or is to be located) - e.g. a good site for the school
site (position) - (noun) physical position in relation to the surroundings - e.g. the sites are determined by highly specific sequences of nucleotides
site (position) - (noun) a computer connected to the internet that maintains a series of web pages on the World Wide Web - e.g. the Israeli web site was damaged by hostile hackers
site (position) - (noun) assign a location to - e.g. The company located some of their agents in Los Angeles
slot (position) - (noun) a position in a grammatical linguistic construction in which a variety of alternative units are interchangeable - e.g. he developed a version of slot grammar
slot (slit) - (noun) a small slit (as for inserting a coin or depositing mail) - e.g. he put a quarter in the slot
slot (slit) - (noun) a time assigned on a schedule or agenda - e.g. the TV program has a new time slot
slot (status) - (noun) a position in a hierarchy or organization - e.g. Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks
slot (trail) - (noun) the trail of an animal (especially a deer) - e.g. he followed the deer's slot over the soft turf to the edge of the trees
slot (receptacle) - (noun) (computer) a socket in a microcomputer that will accept a plug-in circuit board - e.g. the PC had three slots for additional memory
slot (slot machine) - (noun) a slot machine that is used for gambling - e.g. they spend hours and hours just playing the slots
slot (schedule) - (verb) assign a time slot - e.g. slot a television program
software (code) - (noun) (computer science) written programs or procedures or rules and associated documentation pertaining to the operation of a computer system and that are stored in read/write memory - e.g. the market for software is expected to expand
software (code) - (noun) the place where something begins, where it springs into being - e.g. the Italian beginning of the Renaissance
source (document) - (noun) a document (or organization) from which information is obtained - e.g. the reporter had two sources for the story
source (inspiration) - (noun) anything that provides inspiration for later work - e.g.
source (facility) - (noun) a facility where something is available - e.g.
source (facility) - (noun) a person who supplies information - e.g.
source (facility) - (noun) someone who originates or causes or initiates something - e.g. he was the generator of several complaints
source (natural process) - (noun) (technology) a process by which energy or a substance enters a system - e.g. a heat source
source (natural process) - (noun) anything (a person or animal or plant or substance) in which an infectious agent normally lives and multiplies - e.g. an infectious agent depends on a reservoir for its survival
source (natural process) - (noun) a publication (or a passage from a publication) that is referred to - e.g. he carried an armful of references back to his desk
source (obtain) - (verb) get (a product) from another country or business - e.g. She sourced a supply of carpet
source (document) - (verb) specify the origin of - e.g. The writer carefully sourced her report
source (document) - (verb) a fact about some part (as opposed to general) - e.g. he always reasons from the particular to the general
specific (medicine) - (noun) a medicine that has a mitigating effect on a specific disease - e.g. quinine is a specific for malaria
specification (description) - (noun) a detailed description of design criteria for a piece of work - e.g.
specification (naming) - (noun) naming explicitly - e.g.
specification (document) - (noun) (patent law) a document drawn up by the applicant for a patent of invention that provides an explicit and detailed description of the nature and use of an invention - e.g.
specification (document) - (noun) a restriction that is insisted upon as a condition for an agreement - e.g.
specification (document) - (noun) specify as a condition or requirement in a contract or agreement; make an express demand or provision in an agreement - e.g. The will stipulates that she can live in the house for the rest of her life
specify (choose) - (verb) decide upon or fix definitely - e.g. fix the variables
specify (be) - (verb) determine the essential quality of - e.g.
specify (elaborate) - (verb) be specific about - e.g. Could you please specify your criticism of my paper?
specify (elaborate) - (verb) define clearly - e.g. I cannot narrow down the rules for this game
specify (elaborate) - (verb) design or destine - e.g. She was intended to become the director
specify (elaborate) - (verb) select something or someone for a specific purpose - e.g. The teacher assigned him to lead his classmates in the exercise
specify (elaborate) - (verb) someone who supports or champions something - e.g.
specify (elaborate) - (verb) an advocate who presents a person (as for an award or a degree or an introduction etc.) - e.g.
sponsor (support) - (verb) assume sponsorship of - e.g.
sponsor (support) - (verb) assume responsibility for or leadership of - e.g. The senator announced that he would sponsor the health care plan
sponsor (support) - (verb) do one's shopping at; do business with; be a customer or client of - e.g.
statistic (datum) - (noun) a datum that can be represented numerically - e.g.
status (state) - (noun) the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society - e.g. he had the status of a minor
status (state) - (noun) a state at a particular time - e.g. a condition (or state) of disrepair
status (state) - (noun) any maneuver made as part of progress toward a goal - e.g. the situation called for strong measures
status (state) - (noun) the distance covered by a step - e.g. he stepped off ten paces from the old tree and began to dig
step (locomotion) - (noun) the act of changing location by raising the foot and setting it down - e.g. he walked with unsteady steps
step (support) - (noun) support consisting of a place to rest the foot while ascending or descending a stairway - e.g. he paused on the bottom step
step (support) - (noun) relative position in a graded series - e.g. always a step behind
step (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) a short distance - e.g. it's only a step to the drugstore
step (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) the sound of a step of someone walking - e.g. he heard footsteps on the porch
step (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) a musical interval of two semitones - e.g.
step (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) a mark of a foot or shoe on a surface - e.g. the police made casts of the footprints in the soft earth outside the window
step (block) - (noun) a solid block joined to the beams in which the heel of a ship's mast or capstan is fixed - e.g.
step (block) - (noun) a sequence of foot movements that make up a particular dance - e.g. he taught them the waltz step
step (travel) - (verb) shift or move by taking a step - e.g. step back
step (travel) - (verb) put down or press the foot, place the foot - e.g. For fools rush in where angels fear to tread
step (run) - (verb) cause (a computer) to execute a single command - e.g.
step (run) - (verb) treat badly - e.g. This boss abuses his workers
step (supply) - (verb) furnish with steps - e.g. The architect wants to step the terrace
step (travel) - (verb) move with one's feet in a specific manner - e.g. step lively
step (walk) - (verb) walk a short distance to a specified place or in a specified manner - e.g. step over to the blackboard
step (put) - (verb) place (a ship's mast) in its step - e.g.
step (put) - (verb) measure (distances) by pacing - e.g. step off ten yards
step (move) - (verb) move or proceed as if by steps into a new situation - e.g. She stepped into a life of luxury
step (move) - (verb) an elaborate and systematic plan of action - e.g.
strategy (military science) - (noun) the branch of military science dealing with military command and the planning and conduct of a war - e.g.
stress (prosody) - (noun) the relative prominence of a syllable or musical note (especially with regard to stress or pitch) - e.g. he put the stress on the wrong syllable
stress (prosody) - (noun) (psychology) a state of mental or emotional strain or suspense - e.g. he suffered from fatigue and emotional tension
stress (emphasis) - (noun) special emphasis attached to something - e.g. the stress was more on accuracy than on speed
stress (difficulty) - (noun) difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension - e.g. she endured the stresses and strains of life
stress (force) - (noun) (physics) force that produces strain on a physical body - e.g. the intensity of stress is expressed in units of force divided by units of area
stress (express) - (verb) to stress, single out as important - e.g. Dr. Jones emphasizes exercise in addition to a change in diet
stress (pronounce) - (verb) put stress on; utter with an accent - e.g. In Farsi, you accent the last syllable of each word
stress (pronounce) - (verb) test the limits of - e.g. You are trying my patience!
structure (artifact) - (noun) a thing constructed; a complex entity constructed of many parts - e.g. the structure consisted of a series of arches
structure (constitution) - (noun) the manner of construction of something and the arrangement of its parts - e.g. artists must study the structure of the human body
structure (cognition) - (noun) the complex composition of knowledge as elements and their combinations - e.g. his lectures have no structure
structure (body part) - (noun) a particular complex anatomical part of a living thing - e.g. he has good bone structure
structure (body part) - (noun) the people in a society considered as a system organized by a characteristic pattern of relationships - e.g. the social organization of England and America is very different
structure (organize) - (verb) give a structure to - e.g. I need to structure my days
student (enrollee) - (noun) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution - e.g.
student (enrollee) - (noun) a learned person (especially in the humanities); someone who by long study has gained mastery in one or more disciplines - e.g.
student (enrollee) - (noun) a detailed critical inspection - e.g.
study (learning) - (noun) applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject (especially by reading) - e.g. mastering a second language requires a lot of work
study (learning) - (noun) a written document describing the findings of some individual or group - e.g. this accords with the recent study by Hill and Dale
study (concentration) - (noun) a state of deep mental absorption - e.g. she is in a deep study
study (room) - (noun) a room used for reading and writing and studying - e.g. he knocked lightly on the closed door of the study
study (room) - (noun) a branch of knowledge - e.g. in what discipline is his doctorate?
study (room) - (noun) preliminary drawing for later elaboration - e.g. he made several studies before starting to paint
study (room) - (noun) attentive consideration and meditation - e.g. after much cogitation he rejected the offer
study (memorizer) - (noun) someone who memorizes quickly and easily (as the lines for a part in a play) - e.g. he is a quick study
study (musical composition) - (noun) a composition intended to develop one aspect of the performer's technique - e.g. a study in spiccato bowing
study (musical composition) - (noun) consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning - e.g. analyze a sonnet by Shakespeare
subject (message) - (noun) the subject matter of a conversation or discussion - e.g. he didn't want to discuss that subject
subject (thing) - (noun) something (a person or object or scene) selected by an artist or photographer for graphic representation - e.g. a moving picture of a train is more dramatic than a still picture of the same subject
subject (thing) - (noun) a branch of knowledge - e.g. in what discipline is his doctorate?
subject (thing) - (noun) some situation or event that is thought about - e.g. he kept drifting off the topic
subject (constituent) - (noun) (grammar) one of the two main constituents of a sentence; the grammatical constituent about which something is predicated - e.g.
subject (person) - (noun) a person who is subjected to experimental or other observational procedures; someone who is an object of investigation - e.g. the subjects for this investigation were selected randomly
subject (person) - (noun) a person who owes allegiance to that nation - e.g. a monarch has a duty to his subjects
subject (term) - (noun) (logic) the first term of a proposition - e.g.
subject (affect) - (verb) cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to - e.g. He subjected me to his awful poetry
subject (submit) - (verb) make accountable for - e.g. He did not want to subject himself to the judgments of his superiors
subject (submit) - (verb) make subservient; force to submit or subdue - e.g.
subject (submit) - (verb) refer for judgment or consideration - e.g. The lawyers submitted the material to the court
subject (submit) - (verb) possibly accepting or permitting - e.g. a passage capable of misinterpretation
subscription (payment) - (noun) a payment for consecutive issues of a newspaper or magazine for a given period of time - e.g.
subscription (agreement) - (noun) agreement expressed by (or as if expressed by) signing your name - e.g.
subscription (contribution) - (noun) a pledged contribution - e.g.
subscription (handwriting) - (noun) the act of signing your name; writing your signature (as on a document) - e.g. the deed was attested by the subscription of his signature
sum (assets) - (noun) a quantity of money - e.g. he borrowed a large sum
sum (quantity) - (noun) a quantity obtained by the addition of a group of numbers - e.g.
sum (collection) - (noun) the final aggregate - e.g. the sum of all our troubles did not equal the misery they suffered
sum (collection) - (noun) the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience - e.g. the gist of the prosecutor's argument
sum (whole) - (noun) the whole amount - e.g.
sum (whole) - (noun) a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets - e.g. let C be the union of the sets A and B
sum (state) - (verb) be a summary of - e.g. The abstract summarizes the main ideas in the paper
sum (state) - (verb) determine the sum of - e.g. Add all the people in this town to those of the neighboring town
sum (state) - (verb) give a summary (of) - e.g. he summed up his results
summarize (state) - (verb) be a summary of - e.g. The abstract summarizes the main ideas in the paper
summary (statement) - (noun) a brief statement that presents the main points in a concise form - e.g. he gave a summary of the conclusions
summary (statement) - (noun) performed speedily and without formality - e.g. a summary execution
summary (statement) - (noun) briefly giving the gist of something - e.g. a short and compendious book
supply (indefinite quantity) - (noun) an amount of something available for use - e.g.
supply (economic process) - (noun) offering goods and services for sale - e.g.
supply (economic process) - (noun) the activity of supplying or providing something - e.g.
supply (give) - (verb) give something useful or necessary to - e.g. We provided the room with an electrical heater
supply (give) - (verb) circulate or distribute or equip with - e.g. issue a new uniform to the children
supply (give) - (verb) give what is desired or needed, especially support, food or sustenance - e.g. The hostess provided lunch for all the guests
supply (give) - (verb) state or say further - e.g. `It doesn't matter,' he supplied
support (activity) - (noun) the activity of providing for or maintaining by supplying with money or necessities - e.g. his support kept the family together
support (aid) - (noun) aiding the cause or policy or interests of - e.g. the president no longer has the support of his own party
support (influence) - (noun) something providing immaterial assistance to a person or cause or interest - e.g. the policy found little public support
support (operation) - (noun) a military operation (often involving new supplies of men and materiel) to strengthen a military force or aid in the performance of its mission - e.g. they called for artillery support
support (operation) - (noun) documentary validation - e.g. his documentation of the results was excellent
support (resource) - (noun) the financial means whereby one lives - e.g. each child was expected to pay for their keep
support (supporting structure) - (noun) supporting structure that holds up or provides a foundation - e.g. the statue stood on a marble support
support (activity) - (noun) the act of bearing the weight of or strengthening - e.g. he leaned against the wall for support
support (activity) - (noun) a musical part (vocal or instrumental) that supports or provides background for other musical parts - e.g.
support (device) - (noun) any device that bears the weight of another thing - e.g. there was no place to attach supports for a shelf
support (resource) - (noun) financial resources provided to make some project possible - e.g. the foundation provided support for the experiment
survey (examination) - (noun) a detailed critical inspection - e.g.
survey (examination) - (noun) short descriptive summary (of events) - e.g.
survey (examination) - (noun) the act of looking or seeing or observing - e.g. he tried to get a better view of it
survey (analyze) - (verb) consider in a comprehensive way - e.g. He appraised the situation carefully before acting
survey (examine) - (verb) look over carefully or inspect - e.g. He surveyed his new classmates
survey (examine) - (verb) keep under surveillance - e.g. The police had been following him for weeks but they could not prove his involvement in the bombing
survey (examine) - (verb) hold a review (of troops) - e.g.
survey (analyze) - (verb) make a survey of; for statistical purposes - e.g.
survey (calculate) - (verb) plot a map of (land) - e.g.
target (reference point) - (noun) a reference point to shoot at - e.g. his arrow hit the mark
target (reference point) - (noun) a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence - e.g. he fell prey to muggers
target (topographic point) - (noun) the location of the target that is to be hit - e.g.
target (sports equipment) - (noun) sports equipment consisting of an object set up for a marksman or archer to aim at - e.g.
target (sports equipment) - (noun) the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable) - e.g. the sole object of her trip was to see her children
target (aim) - (verb) intend (something) to move towards a certain goal - e.g. He aimed his fists towards his opponent's face
target (aim) - (verb) any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted - e.g. he prepared for great undertakings
target (aim) - (verb) a specific piece of work required to be done as a duty or for a specific fee - e.g. estimates of the city's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars
task (delegate) - (verb) assign a task to - e.g. I tasked him with looking after the children
task (delegate) - (verb) use to the limit - e.g. you are taxing my patience
task (delegate) - (verb) any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted - e.g. he prepared for great undertakings
task (delegate) - (verb) a specific piece of work required to be done as a duty or for a specific fee - e.g. estimates of the city's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars
task (delegate) - (verb) assign a task to - e.g. I tasked him with looking after the children
task (delegate) - (verb) use to the limit - e.g. you are taxing my patience
team (unit) - (noun) a cooperative unit (especially in sports) - e.g.
team (animal group) - (noun) two or more draft animals that work together to pull something - e.g.
team (group) - (verb) form a team - e.g. We teamed up for this new project
tech (school) - (noun) a school teaching mechanical and industrial arts and the applied sciences - e.g.
technical (military vehicle) - (noun) a pickup truck with a gun mounted on it - e.g.
technical (foul) - (noun) (basketball) a foul that can be assessed on a player or a coach or a team for unsportsmanlike conduct; does not usually involve physical contact during play - e.g.
technique (method) - (noun) a practical method or art applied to some particular task - e.g.
technique (method) - (noun) skillfulness in the command of fundamentals deriving from practice and familiarity - e.g. practice greatly improves proficiency
technology (application) - (noun) the practical application of science to commerce or industry - e.g.
technology (application) - (noun) the discipline dealing with the art or science of applying scientific knowledge to practical problems - e.g. he had trouble deciding which branch of engineering to study
term (word) - (noun) a word or expression used for some particular thing - e.g. he learned many medical terms
term (time period) - (noun) a limited period of time - e.g. a prison term
term (time period) - (noun) (usually plural) a statement of what is required as part of an agreement - e.g. the contract set out the conditions of the lease
term (quantity) - (noun) any distinct quantity contained in a polynomial - e.g. the general term of an algebraic equation of the n-th degree
term (constituent) - (noun) one of the substantive phrases in a logical proposition - e.g. the major term of a syllogism must occur twice
term (point) - (noun) the end of gestation or point at which birth is imminent - e.g. a healthy baby born at full term
term (statue) - (noun) (architecture) a statue or a human bust or an animal carved out of the top of a square pillar; originally used as a boundary marker in ancient Rome - e.g.
term (name) - (verb) name formally or designate with a term - e.g.
term (name) - (verb) trying something to find out about it - e.g. a sample for ten days free trial
test (mental measurement) - (noun) any standardized procedure for measuring sensitivity or memory or intelligence or aptitude or personality etc - e.g. the test was standardized on a large sample of students
test (mental measurement) - (noun) a set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge - e.g. when the test was stolen the professor had to make a new set of questions
test (attempt) - (noun) the act of undergoing testing - e.g. he survived the great test of battle
test (attempt) - (noun) the act of testing something - e.g. in the experimental trials the amount of carbon was measured separately
test (covering) - (noun) a hard outer covering as of some amoebas and sea urchins - e.g.
test (evaluate) - (verb) put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to - e.g. This approach has been tried with good results
test (evaluate) - (verb) test or examine for the presence of disease or infection - e.g. screen the blood for the HIV virus
test (evaluate) - (verb) examine someone's knowledge of something - e.g. The teacher tests us every week
test (be) - (verb) show a certain characteristic when tested - e.g. He tested positive for HIV
test (score) - (verb) achieve a certain score or rating on a test - e.g. She tested high on the LSAT and was admitted to all the good law schools
test (determine) - (verb) determine the presence or properties of (a substance) - e.g.
test (take) - (verb) undergo a test - e.g. She doesn't test well
text (matter) - (noun) the words of something written - e.g. there were more than a thousand words of text
text (passage) - (noun) a passage from the Bible that is used as the subject of a sermon - e.g. the preacher chose a text from Psalms to introduce his sermon
text (book) - (noun) a book prepared for use in schools or colleges - e.g. his economics textbook is in its tenth edition
text (matter) - (noun) the main body of a written work (as distinct from illustrations or footnotes etc.) - e.g. pictures made the text easier to understand
textbook (book) - (noun) a book prepared for use in schools or colleges - e.g. his economics textbook is in its tenth edition
textbook (book) - (noun) according to or characteristic of a casebook or textbook; typical - e.g. a casebook schizophrenic
theory (explanation) - (noun) a well-substantiated explanation of some aspect of the natural world; an organized system of accepted knowledge that applies in a variety of circumstances to explain a specific set of phenomena - e.g. theories can incorporate facts and laws and tested hypotheses
theory (explanation) - (noun) a tentative insight into the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena - e.g. a scientific hypothesis that survives experimental testing becomes a scientific theory
theory (belief) - (noun) a belief that can guide behavior - e.g. the architect has a theory that more is less
thesis (premise) - (noun) an unproved statement put forward as a premise in an argument - e.g.
thesis (premise) - (noun) a treatise advancing a new point of view resulting from research; usually a requirement for an advanced academic degree - e.g.
times (time period) - (noun) a more or less definite period of time now or previously present - e.g. it was a sign of the times
times (time period) - (noun) an arithmetic operation that is the inverse of division; the product of two numbers is computed - e.g. the multiplication of four by three gives twelve
times (time period) - (noun) an instance or single occasion for some event - e.g. this time he succeeded
times (time period) - (noun) a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something - e.g. take time to smell the roses
times (time period) - (noun) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities) - e.g. he waited a long time
times (time period) - (noun) a suitable moment - e.g. it is time to go
times (time period) - (noun) the continuum of experience in which events pass from the future through the present to the past - e.g.
times (time period) - (noun) a person's experience on a particular occasion - e.g. he had a time holding back the tears
times (time period) - (noun) a reading of a point in time as given by a clock - e.g. do you know what time it is?
times (time period) - (noun) the fourth coordinate that is required (along with three spatial dimensions) to specify a physical event - e.g.
times (time period) - (noun) rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration - e.g.
times (time period) - (noun) the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned - e.g. he served a prison term of 15 months
times (time period) - (noun) measure the time or duration of an event or action or the person who performs an action in a certain period of time - e.g. he clocked the runners
times (time period) - (noun) assign a time for an activity or event - e.g. The candidate carefully timed his appearance at the disaster scene
times (time period) - (noun) set the speed, duration, or execution of - e.g. we time the process to manufacture our cars very precisely
times (time period) - (noun) regulate or set the time of - e.g. time the clock
times (time period) - (noun) adjust so that a force is applied and an action occurs at the desired time - e.g. The good player times his swing so as to hit the ball squarely
title (heading) - (noun) a heading that names a statute or legislative bill; may give a brief summary of the matters it deals with - e.g. Title 8 provided federal help for schools
title (name) - (noun) the name of a work of art or literary composition etc. - e.g. he looked for books with the word `jazz' in the title
title (subheading) - (noun) a general or descriptive heading for a section of a written work - e.g. the novel had chapter titles
title (subheading) - (noun) the status of being a champion - e.g. he held the title for two years
title (subheading) - (noun) a legal document signed and sealed and delivered to effect a transfer of property and to show the legal right to possess it - e.g. he signed the deed
title (appellation) - (noun) an identifying appellation signifying status or function: e.g. `Mr.' or `General' - e.g. the professor didn't like his friends to use his formal title
title (legal right) - (noun) an established or recognized right - e.g. a strong legal claim to the property
title (writing) - (noun) (usually plural) written material introduced into a movie or TV show to give credits or represent dialogue or explain an action - e.g. the titles go by faster than I can read
title (appellation) - (noun) an appellation signifying nobility - e.g. `your majesty' is the appropriate title to use in addressing a king
title (appellation) - (noun) an informal right to something - e.g. his claim on her attentions
title (appellation) - (noun) give a title to - e.g.
title (appellation) - (noun) designate by an identifying term - e.g. They styled their nation `The Confederate States'
tool (implement) - (noun) an implement used in the practice of a vocation - e.g.
tool (implement) - (noun) the means whereby some act is accomplished - e.g. my greed was the instrument of my destruction
tool (implement) - (noun) a person who is controlled by others and is used to perform unpleasant or dishonest tasks for someone else - e.g.
tool (implement) - (noun) obscene terms for penis - e.g.
tool (drive) - (verb) drive - e.g. The convertible tooled down the street
tool (drive) - (verb) ride in a car with no particular goal and just for the pleasure of it - e.g. We tooled down the street
tool (supply) - (verb) furnish with tools - e.g.
tool (work) - (verb) work with a tool - e.g.
tool (work) - (verb) an implement used in the practice of a vocation - e.g.
tool (work) - (verb) the means whereby some act is accomplished - e.g. my greed was the instrument of my destruction
tool (work) - (verb) a person who is controlled by others and is used to perform unpleasant or dishonest tasks for someone else - e.g.
tool (work) - (verb) obscene terms for penis - e.g.
tool (work) - (verb) drive - e.g. The convertible tooled down the street
tool (work) - (verb) ride in a car with no particular goal and just for the pleasure of it - e.g. We tooled down the street
tool (work) - (verb) furnish with tools - e.g.
tool (work) - (verb) work with a tool - e.g.
tool (work) - (verb) the subject matter of a conversation or discussion - e.g. he didn't want to discuss that subject
topic (content) - (noun) some situation or event that is thought about - e.g. he kept drifting off the topic
traditionally (content) - (noun) the act of moving something from one location to another - e.g.
transfer (person) - (noun) someone who transfers or is transferred from one position to another - e.g. the best student was a transfer from LSU
transfer (change of state) - (noun) the act of transfering something from one form to another - e.g. the transfer of the music from record to tape suppressed much of the background noise
transfer (ticket) - (noun) a ticket that allows a passenger to change conveyances - e.g.
transfer (learning) - (noun) application of a skill learned in one situation to a different but similar situation - e.g.
transfer (transaction) - (noun) transferring ownership - e.g.
transfer (delegate) - (verb) transfer somebody to a different position or location of work - e.g.
transfer (move) - (verb) move from one place to another - e.g. transfer the data
transfer (move) - (verb) lift and reset in another soil or situation - e.g. Transplant the young rice plants
transfer (move) - (verb) move around - e.g. transfer the packet from his trouser pockets to a pocket in his jacket
transfer (move) - (verb) transfer somebody to a different position or location of work - e.g.
transfer (move) - (verb) move from one place to another - e.g. transfer the data
transfer (move) - (verb) lift and reset in another soil or situation - e.g. Transplant the young rice plants
transfer (move) - (verb) move around - e.g. transfer the packet from his trouser pockets to a pocket in his jacket
transfer (move) - (verb) cause to change ownership - e.g. I transferred my stock holdings to my children
transfer (move) - (verb) change from one vehicle or transportation line to another - e.g. She changed in Chicago on her way to the East coast
transfer (move) - (verb) send from one person or place to another - e.g. transmit a message
transfer (move) - (verb) shift the position or location of, as for business, legal, educational, or military purposes - e.g. He removed his children to the countryside
transfer (move) - (verb) transfer from one place or period to another - e.g. The ancient Greek story was transplanted into Modern America
transfer (move) - (verb) a general direction in which something tends to move - e.g. the shoreward tendency of the current
transfer (move) - (verb) general line of orientation - e.g. the river takes a southern course
transfer (move) - (verb) a general tendency to change (as of opinion) - e.g. not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book
transfer (move) - (verb) the popular taste at a given time - e.g. leather is the latest vogue
transfer (move) - (verb) turn sharply; change direction abruptly - e.g. The car cut to the left at the intersection
transfer (move) - (verb) a general direction in which something tends to move - e.g. the shoreward tendency of the current
transfer (move) - (verb) general line of orientation - e.g. the river takes a southern course
transfer (move) - (verb) a general tendency to change (as of opinion) - e.g. not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book
transfer (move) - (verb) the popular taste at a given time - e.g. leather is the latest vogue
transfer (move) - (verb) turn sharply; change direction abruptly - e.g. The car cut to the left at the intersection
transfer (move) - (verb) a monarchy in northwestern Europe occupying most of the British Isles; divided into England and Scotland and Wales and Northern Ireland; `Great Britain' is often used loosely to refer to th... - e.g.
transfer (move) - (verb) poorly stated or described - e.g. he confuses the reader with ill-defined terms and concepts
unclear (move) - (verb) be or form the base for - e.g.
unclear (move) - (verb) lie underneath - e.g.
undertake (initiate) - (verb) enter upon an activity or enterprise - e.g.
undertake (confront) - (verb) accept as a challenge - e.g. I'll tackle this difficult task
undertake (promise) - (verb) promise to do or accomplish - e.g. guarantee to free the prisoners
undertake (promise) - (verb) enter into a contractual arrangement - e.g.
undertake (accept) - (verb) accept as a charge - e.g.
undertake (accept) - (verb) enter upon an activity or enterprise - e.g.
undertake (accept) - (verb) accept as a challenge - e.g. I'll tackle this difficult task
undertake (accept) - (verb) promise to do or accomplish - e.g. guarantee to free the prisoners
undertake (accept) - (verb) enter into a contractual arrangement - e.g.
undertake (accept) - (verb) accept as a charge - e.g.
university (body) - (noun) the body of faculty and students at a university - e.g.
university (establishment) - (noun) establishment where a seat of higher learning is housed, including administrative and living quarters as well as facilities for research and teaching - e.g.
university (educational institution) - (noun) a large and diverse institution of higher learning created to educate for life and for a profession and to grant degrees - e.g.
university (educational institution) - (noun) North American republic containing 50 states: 48 conterminous states in North America plus Alaska in northwest North America and the Hawaiian Islands in the Pacific Ocean; achieved independ... - e.g.
university (educational institution) - (noun) the army of the United States of America; the agency that organizes and trains soldiers for land warfare - e.g.
university (educational institution) - (noun) the act of using - e.g. he warned against the use of narcotic drugs
university (educational institution) - (noun) accepted or habitual practice - e.g.
usage (language) - (noun) the customary manner in which a language (or a form of a language) is spoken or written - e.g. English usage
user (person) - (noun) a person who makes use of a thing; someone who uses or employs something - e.g.
user (person) - (noun) a person who uses something or someone selfishly or unethically - e.g.
user (person) - (noun) a person who takes drugs - e.g.
user (person) - (noun) put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose - e.g. use your head!
user (person) - (noun) convert (from an investment trust to a unit trust) - e.g.
utilized (person) - (noun) put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose - e.g. use your head!
utilized (person) - (noun) convert (from an investment trust to a unit trust) - e.g.
validate (authorize) - (verb) declare or make legally valid - e.g.
validate (confirm) - (verb) prove valid; show or confirm the validity of something - e.g.
validate (confirm) - (verb) give evidence for - e.g.
validate (change) - (verb) make valid or confirm the validity of - e.g. validate a ticket
validation (determination) - (noun) the act of validating; finding or testing the truth of something - e.g.
validation (determination) - (noun) the cognitive process of establishing a valid proof - e.g.
variation (change) - (noun) an instance of change; the rate or magnitude of change - e.g.
variation (activity) - (noun) an activity that varies from a norm or standard - e.g. any variation in his routine was immediately reported
variation (theme) - (noun) a repetition of a musical theme in which it is modified or embellished - e.g.
variation (theme) - (noun) something a little different from others of the same type - e.g. an experimental version of the night fighter
variation (thing) - (noun) an artifact that deviates from a norm or standard - e.g. he patented a variation on the sandal
variation (thing) - (noun) the angle (at a particular location) between magnetic north and true north - e.g.
variation (process) - (noun) the process of varying or being varied - e.g.
variation (perturbation) - (noun) (astronomy) any perturbation of the mean motion or orbit of a planet or satellite (especially a perturbation of the earth's moon) - e.g.
variation (perturbation) - (noun) (biology) an organism that has characteristics resulting from chromosomal alteration - e.g.
variation (perturbation) - (noun) (ballet) a solo dance or dance figure - e.g.
variation (change) - (noun) the act of changing or altering something slightly but noticeably from the norm or standard - e.g. who is responsible for these variations in taxation?
variation (change) - (noun) become different in some particular way, without permanently losing one's or its former characteristics or essence - e.g. her mood changes in accordance with the weather
variation (change) - (noun) be at variance with; be out of line with - e.g.
vary (differ) - (verb) be subject to change in accordance with a variable - e.g. Prices vary
vary (diversify) - (verb) make something more diverse and varied - e.g. Vary the menu
vary (diversify) - (verb) become different in some particular way, without permanently losing one's or its former characteristics or essence - e.g. her mood changes in accordance with the weather
vary (diversify) - (verb) be at variance with; be out of line with - e.g.
vary (diversify) - (verb) be subject to change in accordance with a variable - e.g. Prices vary
vary (diversify) - (verb) make something more diverse and varied - e.g. Vary the menu
version (interpretation) - (noun) an interpretation of a matter from a particular viewpoint - e.g. his version of the fight was different from mine
version (type) - (noun) something a little different from others of the same type - e.g. an experimental version of the night fighter
version (type) - (noun) a written work (as a novel) that has been recast in a new form - e.g. the play is an adaptation of a short novel
version (type) - (noun) a written communication in a second language having the same meaning as the written communication in a first language - e.g.
version (type) - (noun) a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something - e.g.
version (turn) - (noun) manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery) - e.g.
version (turn) - (noun) a way of regarding situations or topics etc. - e.g. consider what follows from the positivist view
view (visual percept) - (noun) the visual percept of a region - e.g. the most desirable feature of the park are the beautiful views
view (look) - (noun) the act of looking or seeing or observing - e.g. he tried to get a better view of it
view (range) - (noun) the range of the eye - e.g. they were soon out of view
view (range) - (noun) a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty - e.g. my opinion differs from yours
view (range) - (noun) a message expressing a belief about something; the expression of a belief that is held with confidence but not substantiated by positive knowledge or proof - e.g. his opinions appeared frequently on the editorial page
view (purpose) - (noun) purpose; the phrase `with a view to' means `with the intention of' or `for the purpose of' - e.g. he took the computer with a view to pawning it
view (purpose) - (noun) graphic art consisting of the graphic or photographic representation of a visual percept - e.g. he painted scenes from everyday life
view (purpose) - (noun) the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated - e.g. It is beyond the horizon of present knowledge
view (appearance) - (noun) outward appearance - e.g. they look the same in outward view
view (appearance) - (noun) deem to be - e.g. She views this quite differently from me
view (analyze) - (verb) look at carefully; study mentally - e.g. view a problem
view (analyze) - (verb) see or watch - e.g. view a show on television
volume (measure) - (noun) the amount of 3-dimensional space occupied by an object - e.g. the gas expanded to twice its original volume
volume (measure) - (noun) the property of something that is great in magnitude - e.g. it is cheaper to buy it in bulk
volume (measure) - (noun) physical objects consisting of a number of pages bound together - e.g. he used a large book as a doorstop
volume (publication) - (noun) a publication that is one of a set of several similar publications - e.g. the third volume was missing
volume (measure) - (noun) a relative amount - e.g. mix one volume of the solution with ten volumes of water
volume (sound property) - (noun) the magnitude of sound (usually in a specified direction) - e.g. the kids played their music at full volume
volume (sound property) - (noun) governmental provision of economic assistance to persons in need - e.g. she lives on welfare
volume (sound property) - (noun) something that aids or promotes well-being - e.g. for the benefit of all
volume (sound property) - (noun) a contented state of being happy and healthy and prosperous - e.g. the town was finally on the upbeat after our recent troubles
zurich (sound property) - (noun) a nonmetallic element belonging to the halogens; used especially in medicine and photography and in dyes; occurs naturally only in combination in small quantities (as in sea water or rocks) - e.g.
zurich (sound property) - (noun) the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number - e.g. he has the one but will need a two and three to go with it
zurich (sound property) - (noun) the 9th letter of the Roman alphabet - e.g.
zurich (sound property) - (noun) used of a single unit or thing; not two or more - e.g. `ane' is Scottish
a (metric linear unit) - (noun) a metric unit of length equal to one ten billionth of a meter (or 0.0001 micron); used to specify wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation - e.g.
a (metric linear unit) - (noun) any of several fat-soluble vitamins essential for normal vision; prevents night blindness or inflammation or dryness of the eyes - e.g.
a (metric linear unit) - (noun) one of the four nucleotides used in building DNA; all four nucleotides have a common phosphate group and a sugar (ribose) - e.g.
a (purine) - (noun) (biochemistry) purine base found in DNA and RNA; pairs with thymine in DNA and with uracil in RNA - e.g.
a (current unit) - (noun) the basic unit of electric current adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites - e.g. a typical household circuit carries 15 to 50 amps
a (letter) - (noun) the 1st letter of the Roman alphabet - e.g.
a (blood group) - (noun) the blood group whose red cells carry the A antigen - e.g.
about (blood group) - (noun) a record or narrative description of past events - e.g. a history of France
about (blood group) - (noun) a short account of the news - e.g. the report of his speech
account (relationship) - (noun) a formal contractual relationship established to provide for regular banking or brokerage or business services - e.g. he asked to see the executive who handled his account
account (relationship) - (noun) a statement that makes something comprehensible by describing the relevant structure or operation or circumstances etc. - e.g. the explanation was very simple
account (relationship) - (noun) grounds - e.g. don't do it on my account
account (importance) - (noun) importance or value - e.g. a person of considerable account
account (statement) - (noun) a statement of recent transactions and the resulting balance - e.g. they send me an accounting every month
account (statement) - (noun) the act of informing by verbal report - e.g. he heard reports that they were causing trouble
account (statement) - (noun) an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered - e.g. he paid his bill and left
account (profit) - (noun) the quality of taking advantage - e.g. she turned her writing skills to good account
account (be) - (verb) be the sole or primary factor in the existence, acquisition, supply, or disposal of something - e.g. Passing grades account for half of the grades given in this exam
acid (compound) - (noun) any of various water-soluble compounds having a sour taste and capable of turning litmus red and reacting with a base to form a salt - e.g.
acid (lysergic acid diethylamide) - (noun) street name for lysergic acid diethylamide - e.g.
acid (lysergic acid diethylamide) - (noun) harsh or corrosive in tone - e.g. an acerbic tone piercing otherwise flowery prose
act (legal document) - (noun) a legal document codifying the result of deliberations of a committee or society or legislative body - e.g.
act (event) - (noun) something that people do or cause to happen - e.g.
act (dramatic composition) - (noun) a subdivision of a play or opera or ballet - e.g.
act (performance) - (noun) a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program - e.g. he did his act three times every evening
act (expression) - (noun) a manifestation of insincerity - e.g. he put on quite an act for her benefit
addition (component) - (noun) a component that is added to something to improve it - e.g. the addition of a bathroom was a major improvement
addition (increase) - (noun) the act of adding one thing to another - e.g. the addition of flowers created a pleasing effect
addition (indefinite quantity) - (noun) a quantity that is added - e.g. there was an addition to property taxes this year
addition (indefinite quantity) - (noun) something added to what you already have - e.g. the librarian shelved the new accessions
addition (suburb) - (noun) a suburban area laid out in streets and lots for a future residential area - e.g.
addition (suburb) - (noun) the arithmetic operation of summing; calculating the sum of two or more numbers - e.g. the summation of four and three gives seven
adjustment (improvement) - (noun) making or becoming suitable; adjusting to circumstances - e.g.
adjustment (improvement) - (noun) the act of making something different (as e.g. the size of a garment) - e.g.
adjustment (calibration) - (noun) the act of adjusting something to match a standard - e.g.
adjustment (calibration) - (noun) the process of adapting to something (such as environmental conditions) - e.g.
adjustment (calibration) - (noun) an amount added or deducted on the basis of qualifying circumstances - e.g. an allowance for profit
adjustment (calibration) - (noun) a public promotion of some product or service - e.g.
agreement (statement) - (noun) the statement (oral or written) of an exchange of promises - e.g. they had an agreement that they would not interfere in each other's business
agreement (compatibility) - (noun) compatibility of observations - e.g. there was no agreement between theory and measurement
agreement (harmony) - (noun) harmony of people's opinions or actions or characters - e.g. the two parties were in agreement
agreement (planning) - (noun) the thing arranged or agreed to - e.g. they made arrangements to meet in Chicago
agreement (grammatical relation) - (noun) the determination of grammatical inflection on the basis of word relations - e.g.
agreement (speech act) - (noun) the verbal act of agreeing - e.g.
air (gas) - (noun) a mixture of gases (especially oxygen) required for breathing; the stuff that the wind consists of - e.g. air pollution
air (region) - (noun) the region above the ground - e.g. her hand stopped in mid air
air (quality) - (noun) a distinctive but intangible quality surrounding a person or thing - e.g. an air of mystery
air (quality) - (noun) a slight wind (usually refreshing) - e.g. the breeze was cooled by the lake
air (quality) - (noun) the mass of air surrounding the Earth - e.g. there was great heat as the comet entered the atmosphere
air (element) - (noun) once thought to be one of four elements composing the universe (Empedocles) - e.g.
air (element) - (noun) a succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence - e.g. she was humming an air from Beethoven
air (medium) - (noun) medium for radio and television broadcasting - e.g. the program was on the air from 9 til midnight
air (travel) - (noun) travel via aircraft - e.g. air travel involves too much waiting in airports
air (expose) - (verb) expose to fresh air - e.g. aerate your old sneakers
alfalfa (medic) - (noun) important European leguminous forage plant with trifoliate leaves and blue-violet flowers grown widely as a pasture and hay crop - e.g.
alfalfa (fodder) - (noun) leguminous plant grown for hay or forage - e.g.
alfalfa (fodder) - (noun) primitive chlorophyll-containing mainly aquatic eukaryotic organisms lacking true stems and roots and leaves - e.g.
all (fodder) - (noun) (of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but - e.g. the job is (just) about done
all (fodder) - (noun) naked freshwater or marine or parasitic protozoa that form temporary pseudopods for feeding and locomotion - e.g.
all (fodder) - (noun) a quantity of money - e.g. he borrowed a large sum
amount (magnitude) - (noun) the relative magnitude of something with reference to a criterion - e.g. an adequate amount of food for four people
amount (magnitude) - (noun) how much there is or how many there are of something that you can quantify - e.g.
amount (magnitude) - (noun) a quantity obtained by the addition of a group of numbers - e.g.
amusement (delight) - (noun) a feeling of delight at being entertained - e.g.
amusement (delight) - (noun) an activity that is diverting and that holds the attention - e.g.
angle (space) - (noun) the space between two lines or planes that intersect; the inclination of one line to another; measured in degrees or radians - e.g.
angle (space) - (noun) a biased way of looking at or presenting something - e.g.
angle (european) - (noun) a member of a Germanic people who conquered England and merged with the Saxons and Jutes to become Anglo-Saxons - e.g.
angle (travel) - (verb) move or proceed at an angle - e.g. he angled his way into the room
angle (travel) - (verb) to incline or bend from a vertical position - e.g. She leaned over the banister
angle (travel) - (verb) seek indirectly - e.g. fish for compliments
angle (fish) - (verb) fish with a hook - e.g.
angle (fish) - (verb) present with a bias - e.g. He biased his presentation so as to please the share holders
animal (organism) - (noun) a living organism characterized by voluntary movement - e.g.
answer (statement) - (noun) a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation - e.g. I waited several days for his answer
answer (statement) - (noun) a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem - e.g. they were trying to find a peaceful solution
answer (reply) - (noun) the speech act of replying to a question - e.g.
answer (pleading) - (noun) the principal pleading by the defendant in response to plaintiff's complaint; in criminal law it consists of the defendant's plea of `guilty' or `not guilty' (or nolo contendere); in civil ... - e.g.
answer (reaction) - (noun) a nonverbal reaction - e.g. his answer to any problem was to get drunk
answer (state) - (verb) react verbally - e.g. She didn't want to answer
answer (react) - (verb) respond to a signal - e.g. answer the door
answer (solve) - (verb) give the correct answer or solution to - e.g. answer a question
answer (solve) - (verb) understand the meaning of - e.g. The question concerning the meaning of life cannot be answered
answer (refute) - (verb) give a defence or refutation of (a charge) or in (an argument) - e.g. The defendant answered to all the charges of the prosecution
answer (be) - (verb) be liable or accountable - e.g. She must answer for her actions
answer (be) - (verb) be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity - e.g. A few words would answer
answer (match) - (verb) match or correspond - e.g. The drawing of the suspect answers to the description the victim gave
answer (meet) - (verb) be satisfactory for; meet the requirements of or serve the purpose of - e.g. This may answer her needs
answer (react) - (verb) react to a stimulus or command - e.g. The steering of my new car answers to the slightest touch
ant (hymenopterous insect) - (noun) social insect living in organized colonies; characteristically the males and fertile queen have wings during breeding season; wingless sterile females are the workers - e.g.
ape (primate) - (noun) any of various primates with short tails or no tail at all - e.g.
ape (primate) - (noun) someone who copies the words or behavior of another - e.g.
ape (primate) - (noun) person who resembles a nonhuman primate - e.g.
ape (imitate) - (verb) imitate uncritically and in every aspect - e.g. Her little brother apes her behavior
ape (imitate) - (verb) represent in or produce a caricature of - e.g. The drawing caricatured the President
apparatus (equipment) - (noun) equipment designed to serve a specific function - e.g.
apparatus (body part) - (noun) (anatomy) a group of body parts that work together to perform a given function - e.g. the breathing apparatus
appetizer (course) - (noun) food or drink to stimulate the appetite (usually served before a meal or as the first course) - e.g.
apple (edible fruit) - (noun) fruit with red or yellow or green skin and sweet to tart crisp whitish flesh - e.g.
apple (apple tree) - (noun) native Eurasian tree widely cultivated in many varieties for its firm rounded edible fruits - e.g.
apple (edible fruit) - (noun) fruit with red or yellow or green skin and sweet to tart crisp whitish flesh - e.g.
apple (apple tree) - (noun) native Eurasian tree widely cultivated in many varieties for its firm rounded edible fruits - e.g.
apple (apple tree) - (noun) the formal act of approving - e.g. he gave the project his blessing
approval (liking) - (noun) a feeling of liking something or someone good - e.g. although she fussed at them, she secretly viewed all her children with approval
approval (acceptance) - (noun) acceptance as satisfactory - e.g. he bought it on approval
approval (message) - (noun) a message expressing a favorable opinion - e.g. words of approval seldom passed his lips
apricot (fruit tree) - (noun) Asian tree having clusters of usually white blossoms and edible fruit resembling the peach - e.g.
apricot (edible fruit) - (noun) downy yellow to rosy-colored fruit resembling a small peach - e.g.
apricot (edible fruit) - (noun) a shade of pink tinged with yellow - e.g.
arch (curve) - (noun) a curved shape in the vertical plane that spans an opening - e.g.
arch (skeletal structure) - (noun) a curved bony structure supporting or enclosing organs (especially the inner sides of the feet) - e.g.
arch (entrance) - (noun) a passageway under a curved masonry construction - e.g. they built a triumphal arch to memorialize their victory
arch (structure) - (noun) (architecture) a masonry construction (usually curved) for spanning an opening and supporting the weight above it - e.g.
arch (bend) - (verb) form an arch or curve - e.g. her back arches
argument (evidence) - (noun) a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true - e.g. it was a strong argument that his hypothesis was true
argument (evidence) - (noun) a contentious speech act; a dispute where there is strong disagreement - e.g. they were involved in a violent argument
argument (discussion) - (noun) a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and against some proposition or proposal - e.g. the argument over foreign aid goes on and on
argument (summary) - (noun) a summary of the subject or plot of a literary work or play or movie - e.g. the editor added the argument to the poem
argument (value) - (noun) (computer science) a reference or value that is passed to a function, procedure, subroutine, command, or program - e.g.
argument (variable) - (noun) a variable in a logical or mathematical expression whose value determines the dependent variable; if f(x)=y, x is the independent variable - e.g.
argument (reasoning) - (noun) a course of reasoning aimed at demonstrating a truth or falsehood; the methodical process of logical reasoning - e.g. I can't follow your line of reasoning
arm (limb) - (noun) a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb - e.g.
arm (projection) - (noun) any projection that is thought to resemble a human arm - e.g. the arm of the record player
arm (projection) - (noun) any instrument or instrumentality used in fighting or hunting - e.g. he was licensed to carry a weapon
arm (armrest) - (noun) the part of an armchair or sofa that supports the elbow and forearm of a seated person - e.g.
arm (armrest) - (noun) a division of some larger or more complex organization - e.g. a branch of Congress
arm (armrest) - (noun) the part of a garment that is attached at the armhole and that provides a cloth covering for the arm - e.g.
army (military service) - (noun) a permanent organization of the military land forces of a nation or state - e.g.
army (crowd) - (noun) a large number of people united for some specific purpose - e.g.
army (crowd) - (noun) the army of the United States of America; the agency that organizes and trains soldiers for land warfare - e.g.
art (creation) - (noun) the products of human creativity; works of art collectively - e.g. an art exhibition
art (creation) - (noun) the creation of beautiful or significant things - e.g. art does not need to be innovative to be good
art (superior skill) - (noun) a superior skill that you can learn by study and practice and observation - e.g. the art of conversation
art (visual communication) - (noun) photographs or other visual representations in a printed publication - e.g. the publisher was responsible for all the artwork in the book
art (visual communication) - (noun) a very poisonous metallic element that has three allotropic forms; arsenic and arsenic compounds are used as herbicides and insecticides and various alloys; found in arsenopyrite and orpime... - e.g.
art (visual communication) - (noun) a United States territory on the eastern part of the island of Samoa - e.g.
art (visual communication) - (noun) a metric unit of length equal to one ten billionth of a meter (or 0.0001 micron); used to specify wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation - e.g.
art (visual communication) - (noun) any of several fat-soluble vitamins essential for normal vision; prevents night blindness or inflammation or dryness of the eyes - e.g.
art (visual communication) - (noun) one of the four nucleotides used in building DNA; all four nucleotides have a common phosphate group and a sugar (ribose) - e.g.
art (visual communication) - (noun) (biochemistry) purine base found in DNA and RNA; pairs with thymine in DNA and with uracil in RNA - e.g.
art (visual communication) - (noun) the basic unit of electric current adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites - e.g. a typical household circuit carries 15 to 50 amps
art (visual communication) - (noun) the 1st letter of the Roman alphabet - e.g.
art (visual communication) - (noun) the blood group whose red cells carry the A antigen - e.g.
art (visual communication) - (noun) to the same degree (often followed by `as') - e.g. they were equally beautiful
art (visual communication) - (noun) a highly unstable radioactive element (the heaviest of the halogen series); a decay product of uranium and thorium - e.g.
at (laotian monetary unit) - (noun) 100 at equal 1 kip in Laos - e.g.
attack (operation) - (noun) (military) an offensive against an enemy (using weapons) - e.g. the attack began at dawn
attack (turn) - (noun) an offensive move in a sport or game - e.g. they won the game with a 10-hit attack in the 9th inning
attack (turn) - (noun) intense adverse criticism - e.g. Clinton directed his fire at the Republican Party
attack (turn) - (noun) ideas or actions intended to deal with a problem or situation - e.g. his approach to every problem is to draw up a list of pros and cons
attack (crime) - (noun) the act of attacking - e.g. attacks on women increased last year
attack (beginning) - (noun) a decisive manner of beginning a musical tone or phrase - e.g.
attack (affliction) - (noun) a sudden occurrence of an uncontrollable condition - e.g. an attack of diarrhea
attack (degeneration) - (noun) the onset of a corrosive or destructive process (as by a chemical agent) - e.g. the film was sensitive to attack by acids
attack (criticism) - (noun) strong criticism - e.g. he published an unexpected attack on my work
attack (contend) - (verb) launch an attack or assault on; begin hostilities or start warfare with - e.g. Hitler attacked Poland on September 1, 1939 and started World War II
attack (knock) - (verb) attack in speech or writing - e.g. The editors of the left-leaning paper attacked the new House Speaker
attack (act) - (verb) take the initiative and go on the offensive - e.g. The Serbs attacked the village at night
attack (act) - (verb) attack someone physically or emotionally - e.g. The mugger assaulted the woman
attack (get down) - (verb) set to work upon; turn one's energies vigorously to a task - e.g. I attacked the problem as soon as I got out of bed
attack (affect) - (verb) begin to injure - e.g. The cancer cells are attacking his liver
attempt (activity) - (noun) earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something - e.g. made an effort to cover all the reading material
attempt (activity) - (noun) the act of attacking - e.g. attacks on women increased last year
attempt (activity) - (noun) make an effort or attempt - e.g. He tried to shake off his fears
attempt (activity) - (noun) enter upon an activity or enterprise - e.g.
attention (basic cognitive process) - (noun) the process whereby a person concentrates on some features of the environment to the (relative) exclusion of others - e.g.
attention (basic cognitive process) - (noun) the work of providing treatment for or attending to someone or something - e.g. no medical care was required
attention (attraction) - (noun) a general interest that leads people to want to know more - e.g. She was the center of attention
attention (courtesy) - (noun) a courteous act indicating affection - e.g. she tried to win his heart with her many attentions
attention (faculty) - (noun) the faculty or power of mental concentration - e.g. keeping track of all the details requires your complete attention
attention (stance) - (noun) a motionless erect stance with arms at the sides and feet together; assumed by military personnel during drill or review - e.g. the troops stood at attention
attraction (force) - (noun) the force by which one object attracts another - e.g.
attraction (show) - (noun) an entertainment that is offered to the public - e.g.
attraction (quality) - (noun) the quality of arousing interest; being attractive or something that attracts - e.g. her personality held a strange attraction for him
attraction (feature) - (noun) a characteristic that provides pleasure and attracts - e.g. flowers are an attractor for bees
attraction (feature) - (noun) an entertainer who attracts large audiences - e.g. he was the biggest drawing card they had
authority (control) - (noun) the power or right to give orders or make decisions - e.g. he has the authority to issue warrants
authority (person) - (noun) (usually plural) persons who exercise (administrative) control over others - e.g. the authorities have issued a curfew
authority (expert) - (noun) an expert whose views are taken as definitive - e.g. he is an authority on corporate law
authority (expert) - (noun) freedom from doubt; belief in yourself and your abilities - e.g. his assurance in his superiority did not make him popular
authority (expert) - (noun) an administrative unit of government - e.g. the Central Intelligence Agency
authority (permission) - (noun) official permission or approval - e.g. authority for the program was renewed several times
authority (book) - (noun) an authoritative written work - e.g. this book is the final authority on the life of Milton
automatic (automatic firearm) - (noun) light machine gun - e.g.
automatic (pistol) - (noun) a pistol that will keep firing until the ammunition is gone or the trigger is released - e.g.
automatic (pistol) - (noun) stop sleeping - e.g. She woke up to the sound of the alarm clock
baby (child) - (noun) a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk - e.g. the baby began to cry again
baby (offspring) - (noun) the youngest member of a group (not necessarily young) - e.g. the baby of the family
baby (offspring) - (noun) an immature childish person - e.g. he remained a child in practical matters as long as he lived
baby (fetus) - (noun) an unborn child; a human fetus - e.g. I felt healthy and very feminine carrying the baby
baby (girl) - (noun) (slang) sometimes used as a term of address for attractive young women - e.g.
baby (young mammal) - (noun) a very young mammal - e.g. baby rabbits
baby (undertaking) - (noun) a project of personal concern to someone - e.g. this project is his baby
baby (undertaking) - (noun) treat with excessive indulgence - e.g. grandparents often pamper the children
back (body part) - (noun) the posterior part of a human (or animal) body from the neck to the end of the spine - e.g. his back was nicely tanned
back (body part) - (noun) the side that goes last or is not normally seen - e.g. he wrote the date on the back of the photograph
back (position) - (noun) the part of something that is furthest from the normal viewer - e.g. he stood at the back of the stage
back (football player) - (noun) (football) a person who plays in the backfield - e.g.
back (football player) - (noun) the series of vertebrae forming the axis of the skeleton and protecting the spinal cord - e.g. the fall broke his back
back (football player) - (noun) the protective covering on the front, back, and spine of a book - e.g. the book had a leather binding
back (cloth covering) - (noun) the part of a garment that covers the back of your body - e.g. they pinned a `kick me' sign on his back
back (support) - (noun) a support that you can lean against while sitting - e.g. the back of the dental chair was adjustable
back (position) - (noun) (American football) the position of a player on a football team who is stationed behind the line of scrimmage - e.g.
back (approve) - (verb) be behind; approve of - e.g. He plumped for the Labor Party
back (travel) - (verb) travel backward - e.g. back into the driveway
back (travel) - (verb) give support or one's approval to - e.g. I'll second that motion
bacteria (microorganism) - (noun) (microbiology) single-celled or noncellular spherical or spiral or rod-shaped organisms lacking chlorophyll that reproduce by fission; important as pathogens and for biochemical properties;... - e.g.
bad (quality) - (noun) that which is below standard or expectations as of ethics or decency - e.g. take the bad with the good
bag (container) - (noun) a flexible container with a single opening - e.g. he stuffed his laundry into a large bag
bag (indefinite quantity) - (noun) the quantity of game taken in a particular period (usually by one person) - e.g. his bag included two deer
bag (indefinite quantity) - (noun) a place that the runner must touch before scoring - e.g. he scrambled to get back to the bag
bag (container) - (noun) a container used for carrying money and small personal items or accessories (especially by women) - e.g. she reached into her bag and found a comb
bag (containerful) - (noun) the quantity that a bag will hold - e.g. he ate a large bag of popcorn
bag (baggage) - (noun) a portable rectangular container for carrying clothes - e.g. he carried his small bag onto the plane with him
bag (unpleasant woman) - (noun) an ugly or ill-tempered woman - e.g. he was romancing the old bag for her money
bag (unpleasant woman) - (noun) mammary gland of bovids (cows and sheep and goats) - e.g.
bag (unpleasant woman) - (noun) an activity that you like or at which you are superior - e.g. chemistry is not my cup of tea
bag (capture) - (verb) capture or kill, as in hunting - e.g. bag a few pheasants
bag (sag) - (verb) hang loosely, like an empty bag - e.g.
bag (sag) - (verb) bulge out; form a bulge outward, or be so full as to appear to bulge - e.g.
bag (sag) - (verb) take unlawfully - e.g.
bag (pack) - (verb) put into a bag - e.g. The supermarket clerk bagged the groceries
balance (equilibrium) - (noun) a state of equilibrium - e.g.
balance (equality) - (noun) equality between the totals of the credit and debit sides of an account - e.g.
balance (equality) - (noun) harmonious arrangement or relation of parts or elements within a whole (as in a design) - e.g. in all perfectly beautiful objects there is found the opposition of one part to another and a reciprocal balance"- John Ruskin
balance (structure) - (noun) equality of distribution - e.g.
balance (structure) - (noun) something left after other parts have been taken away - e.g. there was no remainder
balance (remainder) - (noun) the difference between the totals of the credit and debit sides of an account - e.g.
balance (remainder) - (noun) (astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Libra - e.g.
balance (remainder) - (noun) the seventh sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about September 23 to October 22 - e.g.
balance (remainder) - (noun) (mathematics) an attribute of a shape or relation; exact reflection of form on opposite sides of a dividing line or plane - e.g.
balance (remainder) - (noun) a weight that balances another weight - e.g.
balance (wheel) - (noun) a wheel that regulates the rate of movement in a machine; especially a wheel oscillating against the hairspring of a timepiece to regulate its beat - e.g.
balance (scale) - (noun) a scale for weighing; depends on pull of gravity - e.g.
balance (match) - (verb) bring into balance or equilibrium - e.g. She has to balance work and her domestic duties
balance (account) - (verb) compute credits and debits of an account - e.g.
balance (account) - (verb) hold or carry in equilibrium - e.g.
balance (be) - (verb) be in equilibrium - e.g. He was balancing on one foot
ball (game equipment) - (noun) round object that is hit or thrown or kicked in games - e.g. the ball travelled 90 mph on his serve
ball (game equipment) - (noun) a solid projectile that is shot by a musket - e.g. they had to carry a ramrod as well as powder and ball
ball (sphere) - (noun) an object with a spherical shape - e.g. a ball of fire
ball (dance) - (noun) the people assembled at a lavish formal dance - e.g. the ball was already emptying out before the fire alarm sounded
ball (dance) - (noun) one of the two male reproductive glands that produce spermatozoa and secrete androgens - e.g. she kicked him in the balls and got away
ball (plaything) - (noun) a spherical object used as a plaything - e.g. he played with his rubber ball in the bathtub
bamboo (wood) - (noun) the hard woody stems of bamboo plants; used in construction and crafts and fishing poles - e.g.
bamboo (gramineous plant) - (noun) woody tropical grass having hollow woody stems; mature canes used for construction and furniture - e.g.
banana (herb) - (noun) any of several tropical and subtropical treelike herbs of the genus Musa having a terminal crown of large entire leaves and usually bearing hanging clusters of elongated fruits - e.g.
banana (edible fruit) - (noun) elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit with soft sweet flesh - e.g.
banana (edible fruit) - (noun) an unofficial association of people or groups - e.g. the smart set goes there
band (musical organization) - (noun) instrumentalists not including string players - e.g.
band (stripe) - (noun) a stripe or stripes of contrasting color - e.g. chromosomes exhibit characteristic bands
band (adornment) - (noun) an adornment consisting of a strip of a contrasting color or material - e.g.
band (adornment) - (noun) a group of musicians playing popular music for dancing - e.g.
band (range) - (noun) a range of frequencies between two limits - e.g.
band (strip) - (noun) a thin flat strip of flexible material that is worn around the body or one of the limbs (especially to decorate the body) - e.g.
band (strip) - (noun) a cord-like tissue connecting two larger parts of an anatomical structure - e.g.
band (strip) - (noun) jewelry consisting of a circlet of precious metal (often set with jewels) worn on the finger - e.g. she had rings on every finger
band (belt) - (noun) a driving belt in machinery - e.g.
band (strip) - (noun) a thin flat strip or loop of flexible material that goes around or over something else, typically to hold it together or as a decoration - e.g.
band (strip) - (noun) a strip of material attached to the leg of a bird to identify it (as in studies of bird migration) - e.g.
band (restraint) - (noun) a restraint put around something to hold it together - e.g.
band (tie) - (verb) bind or tie together, as with a band - e.g.
band (tie) - (verb) attach a ring to the foot of, in order to identify - e.g. ring birds
base (military installation) - (noun) installation from which a military force initiates operations - e.g. the attack wiped out our forward bases
base (military installation) - (noun) lowest support of a structure - e.g. it was built on a base of solid rock
base (baseball equipment) - (noun) a place that the runner must touch before scoring - e.g. he scrambled to get back to the bag
base (part) - (noun) the bottom or lowest part - e.g. the base of the mountain
base (bottom) - (noun) (anatomy) the part of an organ nearest its point of attachment - e.g. the base of the skull
base (bottom) - (noun) a lower limit - e.g. the government established a wage floor
base (bottom) - (noun) the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or developed or calculated or explained - e.g. the whole argument rested on a basis of conjecture
base (support) - (noun) a support or foundation - e.g. the base of the lamp
base (support) - (noun) a phosphoric ester of a nucleoside; the basic structural unit of nucleic acids (DNA or RNA) - e.g.
base (compound) - (noun) any of various water-soluble compounds capable of turning litmus blue and reacting with an acid to form a salt and water - e.g. bases include oxides and hydroxides of metals and ammonia
base (flank) - (noun) the bottom side of a geometric figure from which the altitude can be constructed - e.g. the base of the triangle
base (flank) - (noun) the most important or necessary part of something - e.g. the basis of this drink is orange juice
base (number) - (noun) (numeration system) the positive integer that is equivalent to one in the next higher counting place - e.g. 10 is the radix of the decimal system
base (location) - (noun) the place where you are stationed and from which missions start and end - e.g.
base (location) - (noun) a terrorist network intensely opposed to the United States that dispenses money and logistical support and training to a wide variety of radical Islamic terrorist groups; has cells in more ... - e.g.
base (location) - (noun) (linguistics) the form of a word after all affixes are removed - e.g. thematic vowels are part of the stem
base (location) - (noun) the stock of basic facilities and capital equipment needed for the functioning of a country or area - e.g. the industrial base of Japan
base (ingredient) - (noun) the principal ingredient of a mixture - e.g. glycerinated gelatin is used as a base for many ointments
base (bottom) - (noun) a flat bottom on which something is intended to sit - e.g. a tub should sit on its own base
base (electrode) - (noun) (electronics) the part of a transistor that separates the emitter from the collector - e.g.
base (electrode) - (noun) use as a basis for; found on - e.g. base a claim on some observation
base (situate) - (verb) situate as a center of operations - e.g. we will base this project in the new lab
base (situate) - (verb) use (purified cocaine) by burning it and inhaling the fumes - e.g.
base (situate) - (verb) serving as or forming a base - e.g. the painter applied a base coat followed by two finishing coats
basin (vessel) - (noun) a bowl-shaped vessel; usually used for holding food or liquids - e.g. she mixed the dough in a large basin
basin (containerful) - (noun) the quantity that a basin will hold - e.g. a basinful of water
basin (natural depression) - (noun) a natural depression in the surface of the land often with a lake at the bottom of it - e.g. the basin of the Great Salt Lake
basin (natural depression) - (noun) the entire geographical area drained by a river and its tributaries; an area characterized by all runoff being conveyed to the same outlet - e.g. flood control in the Missouri basin
basin (natural depression) - (noun) a bathroom sink that is permanently installed and connected to a water supply and drainpipe; where you can wash your hands and face - e.g. he ran some water in the basin and splashed it on his face
basket (container) - (noun) a container that is usually woven and has handles - e.g.
basket (containerful) - (noun) the quantity contained in a basket - e.g.
basket (goal) - (noun) horizontal circular metal hoop supporting a net through which players try to throw the basketball - e.g.
basket (score) - (noun) a score in basketball made by throwing the ball through the hoop - e.g.
bat (placental) - (noun) nocturnal mouselike mammal with forelimbs modified to form membranous wings and anatomical adaptations for echolocation by which they navigate - e.g.
bat (turn) - (noun) (baseball) a turn trying to get a hit - e.g. he was at bat when it happened
bat (turn) - (noun) a small racket with a long handle used for playing squash - e.g.
bat (turn) - (noun) the club used in playing cricket - e.g. a cricket bat has a narrow handle and a broad flat end for hitting
bat (club) - (noun) a club used for hitting a ball in various games - e.g.
bat (hit) - (verb) strike with, or as if with a baseball bat - e.g. bat the ball
bat (blink) - (verb) wink briefly - e.g. bat one's eyelids
bat (hit) - (verb) have a turn at bat - e.g. Jones bats first, followed by Martinez
bat (hit) - (verb) use a bat - e.g. Who's batting?
bat (hit) - (verb) beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight - e.g. We licked the other team on Sunday!
bath (vessel) - (noun) a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it or to maintain it at a constant temperature or to lubricate it) - e.g. she soaked the etching in an acid bath
bath (washup) - (noun) you soak and wash your body in a bathtub - e.g. he has a good bath every morning
bath (vessel) - (noun) a relatively large open container that you fill with water and use to wash the body - e.g.
bath (liquid unit) - (noun) an ancient Hebrew liquid measure equal to about 10 gallons - e.g.
be (metallic element) - (noun) a light strong brittle grey toxic bivalent metallic element - e.g.
bean (legume) - (noun) any of various edible seeds of plants of the family Leguminosae used for food - e.g.
bean (seed) - (noun) any of various seeds or fruits that are beans or resemble beans - e.g.
bean (legume) - (noun) any of various leguminous plants grown for their edible seeds and pods - e.g.
bean (legume) - (noun) informal terms for a human head - e.g.
bean (hit) - (verb) hit on the head, especially with a pitched baseball - e.g.
bear (carnivore) - (noun) massive plantigrade carnivorous or omnivorous mammals with long shaggy coats and strong claws - e.g.
bear (investor) - (noun) an investor with a pessimistic market outlook; an investor who expects prices to fall and so sells now in order to buy later at a lower price - e.g.
bear (have) - (verb) have - e.g. bear a resemblance
bear (have) - (verb) cause to be born - e.g. My wife had twins yesterday!
bear (have) - (verb) put up with something or somebody unpleasant - e.g. I cannot bear his constant criticism
bear (transport) - (verb) move while holding up or supporting - e.g. Bear gifts
bear (make) - (verb) bring forth, "The apple tree bore delicious apples this year" - e.g. The unidentified plant bore gorgeous flowers
bear (take) - (verb) take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person - e.g. I'll accept the charges
bear (take) - (verb) contain or hold; have within - e.g. The jar carries wine
bear (take) - (verb) bring in - e.g. interest-bearing accounts
bear (take) - (verb) have on one's person - e.g. He wore a red ribbon
bear (take) - (verb) behave in a certain manner - e.g. She carried herself well
bear (have) - (verb) have rightfully; of rights, titles, and offices - e.g. She bears the title of Duchess
bear (have) - (verb) support or hold in a certain manner - e.g. She holds her head high
bear (have) - (verb) be pregnant with - e.g. She is bearing his child
beaver (fur) - (noun) the soft brown fur of the beaver - e.g.
beaver (fur) - (noun) a native or resident of Oregon - e.g.
beaver (beard) - (noun) a full beard - e.g.
beaver (beard) - (noun) a man's hat with a tall crown; usually covered with silk or with beaver fur - e.g.
beaver (armor plate) - (noun) a movable piece of armor on a medieval helmet used to protect the lower face - e.g.
beaver (fur hat) - (noun) a hat made with the fur of a beaver (or similar material) - e.g.
beaver (rodent) - (noun) large semiaquatic rodent with webbed hind feet and a broad flat tail; construct complex dams and underwater lodges - e.g.
beaver (work) - (verb) work hard on something - e.g.
bed (bedroom furniture) - (noun) a piece of furniture that provides a place to sleep - e.g. he sat on the edge of the bed
bed (plot) - (noun) a plot of ground in which plants are growing - e.g. the gardener planted a bed of roses
bed (natural depression) - (noun) a depression forming the ground under a body of water - e.g. he searched for treasure on the ocean bed
bed (stratum) - (noun) (geology) a stratum of rock (especially sedimentary rock) - e.g. they found a bed of sandstone
bed (stratum) - (noun) a stratum of ore or coal thick enough to be mined with profit - e.g. he worked in the coal beds
bed (stratum) - (noun) single thickness of usually some homogeneous substance - e.g. slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach
bed (surface) - (noun) the flat surface of a printing press on which the type form is laid in the last stage of producing a newspaper or magazine or book etc. - e.g.
bed (foundation) - (noun) a foundation of earth or rock supporting a road or railroad track - e.g. the track bed had washed away
bed (supply) - (verb) furnish with a bed - e.g. The inn keeper could bed all the new arrivals
bed (plant) - (verb) place (plants) in a prepared bed of soil - e.g.
bed (put) - (verb) put to bed - e.g. The children were bedded at ten o'clock
bed (put) - (verb) have sexual intercourse with - e.g. This student sleeps with everyone in her dorm
bed (put) - (verb) prepare for sleep - e.g. I usually turn in at midnight
bee (hymenopterous insect) - (noun) any of numerous hairy-bodied insects including social and solitary species - e.g.
bee (social gathering) - (noun) a social gathering to carry out some communal task or to hold competitions - e.g.
beetle (insect) - (noun) insect having biting mouthparts and front wings modified to form horny covers overlying the membranous rear wings - e.g.
beetle (insect) - (noun) a tool resembling a hammer but with a large head (usually wooden); used to drive wedges or ram down paving stones or for crushing or beating or flattening or smoothing - e.g.
beetle (insect) - (noun) be suspended over or hang over - e.g. This huge rock beetles over the edge of the town
beetle (travel) - (verb) fly or go in a manner resembling a beetle - e.g. He beetled up the staircase
beetle (beat) - (verb) beat with a beetle - e.g.
beetle (beat) - (verb) earlier in time; previously - e.g. I had known her before
beetle (beat) - (verb) at or in the front - e.g. I see the lights of a town ahead
behavior (activity) - (noun) manner of acting or controlling yourself - e.g.
behavior (action) - (noun) the action or reaction of something (as a machine or substance) under specified circumstances - e.g. the behavior of small particles can be studied in experiments
behavior (action) - (noun) (behavioral attributes) the way a person behaves toward other people - e.g.
behavior (activity) - (noun) (psychology) the aggregate of the responses or reactions or movements made by an organism in any situation - e.g.
belief (content) - (noun) any cognitive content held as true - e.g.
belief (content) - (noun) a vague idea in which some confidence is placed - e.g. his impression of her was favorable
bell (signaling device) - (noun) a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck - e.g.
bell (signaling device) - (noun) a push button at an outer door that gives a ringing or buzzing signal when pushed - e.g.
bell (sound) - (noun) the sound of a bell being struck - e.g. saved by the bell
bell (time unit) - (noun) (nautical) each of the eight half-hour units of nautical time signaled by strokes of a ship's bell; eight bells signals 4:00, 8:00, or 12:00 o'clock, either a.m. or p.m. - e.g.
bell (curve) - (noun) the shape of a bell - e.g.
bent (inclination) - (noun) a relatively permanent inclination to react in a particular way - e.g. the set of his mind was obvious
bent (grass) - (noun) grass for pastures and lawns especially bowling and putting greens - e.g.
bent (grassland) - (noun) an area of grassland unbounded by fences or hedges - e.g.
bent (endowment) - (noun) a special way of doing something - e.g. he had a bent for it
bent (endowment) - (noun) form a curve - e.g. The stick does not bend
bent (endowment) - (noun) change direction - e.g. The road bends
bent (endowment) - (noun) cause (a plastic object) to assume a crooked or angular form - e.g. bend the rod
bent (endowment) - (noun) bend one's back forward from the waist on down - e.g. he crouched down
bent (endowment) - (noun) turn from a straight course, fixed direction, or line of interest - e.g.
bent (endowment) - (noun) bend a joint - e.g. flex your wrists
berry (edible fruit) - (noun) any of numerous small and pulpy edible fruits; used as desserts or in making jams and jellies and preserves - e.g.
berry (fruit) - (noun) a small fruit having any of various structures, e.g., simple (grape or blueberry) or aggregate (blackberry or raspberry) - e.g.
beverage (liquid) - (noun) any liquid suitable for drinking - e.g. may I take your beverage order?
bird (vertebrate) - (noun) warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs modified as wings - e.g.
bird (meat) - (noun) the flesh of a bird or fowl (wild or domestic) used as food - e.g.
bird (meat) - (noun) informal terms for a (young) woman - e.g.
bird (meat) - (noun) a cry or noise made to express displeasure or contempt - e.g.
bird (meat) - (noun) badminton equipment consisting of a ball of cork or rubber with a crown of feathers - e.g.
bird (observe) - (verb) watch and study birds in their natural habitat - e.g.
birth (beginning) - (noun) the time when something begins (especially life) - e.g. they divorced after the birth of the child
birth (change) - (noun) the event of being born - e.g. they celebrated the birth of their first child
birth (change) - (noun) the process of giving birth - e.g.
birth (change) - (noun) the kinship relation of an offspring to the parents - e.g.
birth (person) - (noun) a baby born; an offspring - e.g. the overall rate of incidence of Down's syndrome is one in every 800 births
birth (person) - (noun) cause to be born - e.g. My wife had twins yesterday!
birth (person) - (noun) a small piece or quantity of something - e.g. a spot of tea
bit (fragment) - (noun) a small fragment of something broken off from the whole - e.g. a bit of rock caught him in the eye
bit (fragment) - (noun) an indefinitely short time - e.g. wait just a moment
bit (fragment) - (noun) an instance of some kind - e.g. it was a nice piece of work
bit (stable gear) - (noun) piece of metal held in horse's mouth by reins and used to control the horse while riding - e.g. the horse was not accustomed to a bit
bit (unit of measurement) - (noun) a unit of measurement of information (from binary + digit); the amount of information in a system having two equiprobable states - e.g. there are 8 bits in a byte
bit (unit of measurement) - (noun) a small amount of solid food; a mouthful - e.g. all they had left was a bit of bread
bit (unit of measurement) - (noun) a small fragment - e.g. overheard snatches of their conversation
bit (unit of measurement) - (noun) a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program - e.g. he did his act three times every evening
bit (part) - (noun) the part of a key that enters a lock and lifts the tumblers - e.g.
bit (cutting implement) - (noun) the cutting part of a drill; usually pointed and threaded and is replaceable in a brace or bitstock or drill press - e.g. he looked around for the right size bit
bit (grip) - (verb) to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws - e.g. Gunny invariably tried to bite her
bit (ache) - (verb) cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort - e.g. The sun burned his face
bit (pierce) - (verb) penetrate or cut, as with a knife - e.g. The fork bit into the surface
bit (pierce) - (verb) deliver a sting to - e.g. A bee stung my arm yesterday
bite (wound) - (noun) a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person - e.g.
bite (wound) - (noun) a small amount of solid food; a mouthful - e.g. all they had left was a bit of bread
bite (wound) - (noun) a painful wound caused by the thrust of an insect's stinger into skin - e.g.
bite (meal) - (noun) a light informal meal - e.g.
bite (success) - (noun) (angling) an instance of a fish taking the bait - e.g. after fishing for an hour he still had not had a bite
bite (success) - (noun) wit having a sharp and caustic quality - e.g. he commented with typical pungency
bite (success) - (noun) a strong odor or taste property - e.g. the pungency of mustard
bite (eating) - (noun) the act of gripping or chewing off with the teeth and jaws - e.g.
bite (subtraction) - (noun) a portion removed from the whole - e.g. the government's weekly bite from my paycheck
bite (grip) - (verb) to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws - e.g. Gunny invariably tried to bite her
bite (ache) - (verb) cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort - e.g. The sun burned his face
bite (pierce) - (verb) penetrate or cut, as with a knife - e.g. The fork bit into the surface
bite (pierce) - (verb) deliver a sting to - e.g. A bee stung my arm yesterday
bitter (ale) - (noun) English term for a dry sharp-tasting ale with strong flavor of hops (usually on draft) - e.g.
bitter (taste) - (noun) the taste experience when quinine or coffee is taken into the mouth - e.g.
bitter (taste property) - (noun) the property of having a harsh unpleasant taste - e.g.
bitter (change taste) - (verb) make bitter - e.g.
bitter (change taste) - (verb) marked by strong resentment or cynicism - e.g. an acrimonious dispute
black (achromatic color) - (noun) the quality or state of the achromatic color of least lightness (bearing the least resemblance to white) - e.g.
black (achromatic color) - (noun) total absence of light - e.g. they fumbled around in total darkness
blade (leaf) - (noun) especially a leaf of grass or the broad portion of a leaf as distinct from the petiole - e.g.
blade (young person) - (noun) a dashing young man - e.g. gay young blades bragged of their amorous adventures
blade (ribbon) - (noun) something long and thin resembling a blade of grass - e.g. a blade of lint on his suit
blade (ribbon) - (noun) a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard - e.g.
blade (cut of beef) - (noun) a cut of beef from the shoulder blade - e.g.
blade (structure) - (noun) a broad flat body part (as of the shoulder or tongue) - e.g.
blade (runner) - (noun) the part of the skate that slides on the ice - e.g.
blade (rotating mechanism) - (noun) flat surface that rotates and pushes against air or water - e.g.
blade (cutting implement) - (noun) the flat part of a tool or weapon that (usually) has a cutting edge - e.g.
blood (liquid body substance) - (noun) the fluid (red in vertebrates) that is pumped through the body by the heart and contains plasma, blood cells, and platelets - e.g. blood carries oxygen and nutrients to the tissues and carries away waste products
blood (disposition) - (noun) temperament or disposition - e.g. a person of hot blood
blood (disposition) - (noun) a dissolute man in fashionable society - e.g.
blood (disposition) - (noun) the descendants of one individual - e.g. his entire lineage has been warriors
blood (people) - (noun) people viewed as members of a group - e.g. we need more young blood in this organization
blood (daub) - (verb) smear with blood, as in a hunting initiation rite, where the face of a person is smeared with the blood of the kill - e.g.
blow (stroke) - (noun) a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon - e.g. a blow on the head
blow (impact) - (noun) an impact (as from a collision) - e.g. the bump threw him off the bicycle
blow (impact) - (noun) an unfortunate happening that hinders or impedes; something that is thwarting or frustrating - e.g.
blow (impact) - (noun) an unpleasant or disappointing surprise - e.g. it came as a shock to learn that he was injured
blow (impact) - (noun) a strong current of air - e.g. the tree was bent almost double by the gust
blow (impact) - (noun) street names for cocaine - e.g.
blow (exhalation) - (noun) forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth - e.g. he gave his nose a loud blow
blow (exhale) - (verb) exhale hard - e.g. blow on the soup to cool it down
blue (chromatic color) - (noun) blue color or pigment; resembling the color of the clear sky in the daytime - e.g. he had eyes of bright blue
blue (clothing) - (noun) blue clothing - e.g. she was wearing blue
blue (organization) - (noun) any organization or party whose uniforms or badges are blue - e.g. the Union army was a vast blue
blue (sky) - (noun) the sky as viewed during daylight - e.g. he shot an arrow into the blue
blue (sky) - (noun) used to whiten laundry or hair or give it a bluish tinge - e.g.
blue (sky) - (noun) the sodium salt of amobarbital that is used as a barbiturate; used as a sedative and a hypnotic - e.g.
blue (lycaenid) - (noun) any of numerous small butterflies of the family Lycaenidae - e.g.
blue (discolor) - (verb) turn blue - e.g.
board (committee) - (noun) a committee having supervisory powers - e.g. the board has seven members
board (lumber) - (noun) a stout length of sawn timber; made in a wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes - e.g.
board (sheet) - (noun) a flat piece of material designed for a special purpose - e.g. he nailed boards across the windows
board (fare) - (noun) food or meals in general - e.g. she sets a fine table
board (fare) - (noun) a vertical surface on which information can be displayed to public view - e.g.
board (fare) - (noun) a table at which meals are served - e.g. he helped her clear the dining table
board (fare) - (noun) electrical device consisting of a flat insulated surface that contains switches and dials and meters for controlling other electrical devices - e.g. he checked the instrument panel
board (fare) - (noun) a printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion slots in a computer to increase the computer's capabilities - e.g.
board (surface) - (noun) a flat portable surface (usually rectangular) designed for board games - e.g. he got out the board and set up the pieces
board (enter) - (verb) get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.) - e.g.
board (populate) - (verb) live and take one's meals at or in - e.g. she rooms in an old boarding house
board (use) - (verb) lodge and take meals (at) - e.g.
board (provide) - (verb) provide food and lodging (for) - e.g. The old lady is boarding three men
boat (vessel) - (noun) a small vessel for travel on water - e.g.
boat (vessel) - (noun) a dish (often boat-shaped) for serving gravy or sauce - e.g.
boat (ride) - (verb) ride in a boat on water - e.g.
body (natural object) - (noun) the entire structure of an organism (an animal, plant, or human being) - e.g. he felt as if his whole body were on fire
body (social group) - (noun) a group of persons associated by some common tie or occupation and regarded as an entity - e.g. the whole body filed out of the auditorium
body (natural object) - (noun) a natural object consisting of a dead animal or person - e.g. they found the body in the lake
body (natural object) - (noun) an individual 3-dimensional object that has mass and that is distinguishable from other objects - e.g. heavenly body
body (natural object) - (noun) the body excluding the head and neck and limbs - e.g. they moved their arms and legs and bodies
body (system) - (noun) a collection of particulars considered as a system - e.g. a body of law
body (system) - (noun) the property of holding together and retaining its shape - e.g. wool has more body than rayon
body (message) - (noun) the central message of a communication - e.g. the body of the message was short
body (mass) - (noun) the main mass of a thing - e.g.
body (mass) - (noun) a resonating chamber in a musical instrument (as the body of a violin) - e.g.
body (structure) - (noun) the external structure of a vehicle - e.g. the body of the car was badly rusted
body (embody) - (verb) invest with or as with a body; give body to - e.g.
boiling (heating) - (noun) the application of heat to change something from a liquid to a gas - e.g.
boiling (cooking) - (noun) cooking in a liquid that has been brought to a boil - e.g.
boiling (cooking) - (noun) come to the boiling point and change from a liquid to vapor - e.g. Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius
boiling (cooking) - (noun) immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes - e.g. boil potatoes
boiling (cooking) - (noun) bring to, or maintain at, the boiling point - e.g. boil this liquid until it evaporates
boiling (cooking) - (noun) be agitated - e.g. the sea was churning in the storm
boiling (cooking) - (noun) be in an agitated emotional state - e.g. The customer was seething with anger
bone (connective tissue) - (noun) rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates - e.g.
bone (animal material) - (noun) the porous calcified substance from which bones are made - e.g.
bone (white) - (noun) a shade of white the color of bleached bones - e.g.
bone (white) - (noun) study intensively, as before an exam - e.g. I had to bone up on my Latin verbs before the final exam
bone (remove) - (verb) remove the bones from - e.g. bone the turkey before roasting it
book (publication) - (noun) a written work or composition that has been published (printed on pages bound together) - e.g. I am reading a good book on economics
book (product) - (noun) physical objects consisting of a number of pages bound together - e.g. he used a large book as a doorstop
book (product) - (noun) a compilation of the known facts regarding something or someone - e.g. Al Smith used to say, `Let's look at the record'
book (product) - (noun) a written version of a play or other dramatic composition; used in preparing for a performance - e.g.
book (product) - (noun) a record in which commercial accounts are recorded - e.g. they got a subpoena to examine our books
book (collection) - (noun) a collection of playing cards satisfying the rules of a card game - e.g.
book (collection) - (noun) a collection of rules or prescribed standards on the basis of which decisions are made - e.g. they run things by the book around here
book (collection) - (noun) the sacred writings of Islam revealed by God to the prophet Muhammad during his life at Mecca and Medina - e.g.
book (collection) - (noun) the sacred writings of the Christian religions - e.g. he went to carry the Word to the heathen
book (section) - (noun) a major division of a long written composition - e.g. the book of Isaiah
book (product) - (noun) a number of sheets (ticket or stamps etc.) bound together on one edge - e.g. he bought a book of stamps
book (schedule) - (verb) engage for a performance - e.g. Her agent had booked her for several concerts in Tokyo
book (schedule) - (verb) arrange for and reserve (something for someone else) in advance - e.g. reserve me a seat on a flight
book (record) - (verb) record a charge in a police register - e.g. The policeman booked her when she tried to solicit a man
book (register) - (verb) register in a hotel booker - e.g.
boot (footwear) - (noun) footwear that covers the whole foot and lower leg - e.g.
boot (luggage compartment) - (noun) British term for the luggage compartment in a car - e.g.
boot (luggage compartment) - (noun) the swift release of a store of affective force - e.g. they got a great bang out of it
boot (shell) - (noun) protective casing for something that resembles a leg - e.g.
boot (instrument of torture) - (noun) an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg - e.g.
boot (torture) - (noun) a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed - e.g.
boot (torture) - (noun) the act of delivering a blow with the foot - e.g. he gave the ball a powerful kick
boot (kick) - (verb) kick; give a boot to - e.g.
boot (resuscitate) - (verb) cause to load (an operating system) and start the initial processes - e.g. boot your computer
bottle (vessel) - (noun) a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically cylindrical without handles and with a narrow neck that can be plugged or capped - e.g.
bottle (containerful) - (noun) the quantity contained in a bottle - e.g.
bottle (vessel) - (noun) a vessel fitted with a flexible teat and filled with milk or formula; used as a substitute for breast feeding infants and very young children - e.g.
bottle (store) - (verb) store (liquids or gases) in bottles - e.g.
bottle (put) - (verb) put into bottles - e.g. bottle the mineral water
box (container) - (noun) a (usually rectangular) container; may have a lid - e.g. he rummaged through a box of spare parts
box (compartment) - (noun) private area in a theater or grandstand where a small group can watch the performance - e.g. the royal box was empty
box (containerful) - (noun) the quantity contained in a box - e.g. he gave her a box of chocolates
box (containerful) - (noun) a predicament from which a skillful or graceful escape is impossible - e.g. his lying got him into a tight corner
box (rectangle) - (noun) a rectangular drawing - e.g. the flowchart contained many boxes
box (shrub) - (noun) evergreen shrubs or small trees - e.g.
box (area) - (noun) any one of several designated areas on a ball field where the batter or catcher or coaches are positioned - e.g. the umpire warned the batter to stay in the batter's box
box (seat) - (noun) the driver's seat on a coach - e.g. an armed guard sat in the box with the driver
box (compartment) - (noun) separate partitioned area in a public place for a few people - e.g. the sentry stayed in his box to avoid the cold
box (blow) - (noun) a blow with the hand (usually on the ear) - e.g. I gave him a good box on the ear
box (encase) - (verb) put into a box - e.g. box the gift, please
box (hit) - (verb) hit with the fist - e.g. I'll box your ears!
box (contend) - (verb) engage in a boxing match - e.g.
box (contend) - (verb) a youthful male person - e.g. the baby was a boy
boy (man) - (noun) a friendly informal reference to a grown man - e.g. he likes to play golf with the boys
boy (man) - (noun) a male human offspring - e.g. their son became a famous judge
boy (black man) - (noun) (ethnic slur) offensive and disparaging term for Black man - e.g. get out of my way, boy
brain (neural structure) - (noun) that part of the central nervous system that includes all the higher nervous centers; enclosed within the skull; continuous with the spinal cord - e.g.
brain (intelligence) - (noun) mental ability - e.g. he's got plenty of brains but no common sense
brain (intelligence) - (noun) that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason - e.g. his mind wandered
brain (intelligence) - (noun) someone who has exceptional intellectual ability and originality - e.g. Mozart was a child genius
brain (variety meat) - (noun) the brain of certain animals used as meat - e.g.
brain (hit) - (verb) hit on the head - e.g.
brain (kill) - (verb) kill by smashing someone's skull - e.g.
brake (restraint) - (noun) a restraint used to slow or stop a vehicle - e.g.
brake (fern) - (noun) any of various ferns of the genus Pteris having pinnately compound leaves and including several popular houseplants - e.g.
brake (fern) - (noun) large coarse fern often several feet high; essentially weed ferns; cosmopolitan - e.g.
brake (brush) - (noun) an area thickly overgrown usually with one kind of plant - e.g.
brake (restraint) - (noun) anything that slows or hinders a process - e.g. she wan not ready to put the brakes on her life with a marriage
brake (stop) - (verb) stop travelling by applying a brake - e.g. We had to brake suddenly when a chicken crossed the road
brake (stop) - (verb) cause to stop by applying the brakes - e.g. brake the car before you go into a curve
branch (division) - (noun) a division of some larger or more complex organization - e.g. a branch of Congress
branch (stalk) - (noun) a division of a stem, or secondary stem arising from the main stem of a plant - e.g.
branch (subfigure) - (noun) a part of a forked or branching shape - e.g. he broke off one of the branches
branch (subfigure) - (noun) a natural consequence of development - e.g.
branch (stream) - (noun) a stream or river connected to a larger one - e.g.
branch (stream) - (noun) any projection that is thought to resemble a human arm - e.g. the arm of the record player
branch (stream) - (noun) grow and send out branches or branch-like structures - e.g. these plants ramify early and get to be very large
branch (diverge) - (verb) divide into two or more branches so as to form a fork - e.g. The road forks
brass (copper-base alloy) - (noun) an alloy of copper and zinc - e.g.
brass (wind instrument) - (noun) a wind instrument that consists of a brass tube (usually of variable length) that is blown by means of a cup-shaped or funnel-shaped mouthpiece - e.g.
brass (wind instrument) - (noun) the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body for the purpose of administering something - e.g. he claims that the present administration is corrupt
brass (wind instrument) - (noun) impudent aggressiveness - e.g. I couldn't believe her boldness
brass (decoration) - (noun) an ornament or utensil made of brass - e.g.
brass (section) - (noun) the section of a band or orchestra that plays brass instruments - e.g.
brass (memorial) - (noun) a memorial made of brass - e.g.
bread (baked goods) - (noun) food made from dough of flour or meal and usually raised with yeast or baking powder and then baked - e.g.
bread (baked goods) - (noun) informal terms for money - e.g.
bread (cover) - (verb) cover with bread crumbs - e.g. bread the pork chops before frying them
breath (bodily process) - (noun) the process of taking in and expelling air during breathing - e.g. he took a deep breath and dived into the pool
breath (air) - (noun) the air that is inhaled and exhaled in respiration - e.g. his sour breath offended her
breath (respite) - (noun) a short respite - e.g.
breath (respite) - (noun) an indirect suggestion - e.g. not a breath of scandal ever touched her
breath (breeze) - (noun) a slight movement of the air - e.g. there wasn't a breath of air in the room
brick (ceramic) - (noun) rectangular block of clay baked by the sun or in a kiln; used as a building or paving material - e.g.
brick (good person) - (noun) a good fellow; helpful and trustworthy - e.g.
bridge (structure) - (noun) a structure that allows people or vehicles to cross an obstacle such as a river or canal or railway etc. - e.g.
bridge (circuit) - (noun) a circuit consisting of two branches (4 arms arranged in a diamond configuration) across which a meter is connected - e.g.
bridge (connection) - (noun) something resembling a bridge in form or function - e.g. his letters provided a bridge across the centuries
bridge (structure) - (noun) the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose - e.g. her glasses left marks on the bridge of her nose
bridge (card game) - (noun) any of various card games based on whist for four players - e.g.
bridge (support) - (noun) a wooden support that holds the strings up - e.g.
bridge (denture) - (noun) a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth - e.g.
bridge (link) - (noun) the link between two lenses; rests on the nose - e.g.
bridge (upper deck) - (noun) an upper deck where a ship is steered and the captain stands - e.g.
bridge (connect) - (verb) connect or reduce the distance between - e.g.
bridge (join) - (verb) make a bridge across - e.g. bridge a river
bridge (traverse) - (verb) cross over on a bridge - e.g.
bright (traverse) - (verb) terminate - e.g. She interrupted her pregnancy
bright (traverse) - (verb) become separated into pieces or fragments - e.g. The figurine broke
bright (traverse) - (verb) render inoperable or ineffective - e.g. You broke the alarm clock when you took it apart!
bright (traverse) - (verb) ruin completely - e.g. He busted my radio!
bright (traverse) - (verb) destroy the integrity of; usually by force; cause to separate into pieces or fragments - e.g. He broke the glass plate
bright (traverse) - (verb) act in disregard of laws, rules, contracts, or promises - e.g. offend all laws of humanity
bright (traverse) - (verb) move away or escape suddenly - e.g. The horses broke from the stable
bright (traverse) - (verb) scatter or part - e.g. The clouds broke after the heavy downpour
bright (traverse) - (verb) force out or release suddenly and often violently something pent up - e.g. break into tears
bright (traverse) - (verb) prevent completion - e.g. stop the project
bright (traverse) - (verb) enter someone's (virtual or real) property in an unauthorized manner, usually with the intent to steal or commit a violent act - e.g. Someone broke in while I was on vacation
bright (traverse) - (verb) make submissive, obedient, or useful - e.g. The horse was tough to break
bright (traverse) - (verb) fail to agree with; be in violation of; as of rules or patterns - e.g. This sentence violates the rules of syntax
bright (traverse) - (verb) surpass in excellence - e.g. She bettered her own record
bright (traverse) - (verb) make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret - e.g. The auction house would not disclose the price at which the van Gogh had sold
bright (traverse) - (verb) come into being - e.g. light broke over the horizon
bright (traverse) - (verb) stop operating or functioning - e.g. The engine finally went
bright (traverse) - (verb) interrupt a continued activity - e.g. She had broken with the traditional patterns
bright (traverse) - (verb) make a rupture in the ranks of the enemy or one's own by quitting or fleeing - e.g. The ranks broke
bright (traverse) - (verb) curl over and fall apart in surf or foam, of waves - e.g. The surf broke
bright (traverse) - (verb) lessen in force or effect - e.g. soften a shock
bright (traverse) - (verb) be broken in - e.g. If the new teacher won't break, we'll add some stress
bright (traverse) - (verb) come to an end - e.g. The heat wave finally broke yesterday
bright (traverse) - (verb) vary or interrupt a uniformity or continuity - e.g. The flat plain was broken by tall mesas
bright (traverse) - (verb) cause to give up a habit - e.g. She finally broke herself of smoking cigarettes
bright (traverse) - (verb) give up - e.g. break cigarette smoking
bright (traverse) - (verb) come forth or begin from a state of latency - e.g. The first winter storm broke over New York
bright (traverse) - (verb) happen or take place - e.g. Things have been breaking pretty well for us in the past few months
bright (traverse) - (verb) cause the failure or ruin of - e.g. His peccadilloes finally broke his marriage
bright (traverse) - (verb) invalidate by judicial action - e.g. The will was broken
bright (traverse) - (verb) discontinue an association or relation; go different ways - e.g. The business partners broke over a tax question
bright (traverse) - (verb) assign to a lower position; reduce in rank - e.g. She was demoted because she always speaks up
bright (traverse) - (verb) reduce to bankruptcy - e.g. My daughter's fancy wedding is going to break me!
bright (traverse) - (verb) change directions suddenly - e.g.
bright (traverse) - (verb) emerge from the surface of a body of water - e.g. The whales broke
bright (traverse) - (verb) break down, literally or metaphorically - e.g. The wall collapsed
bright (traverse) - (verb) do a break dance - e.g. Kids were break-dancing at the street corner
bright (traverse) - (verb) exchange for smaller units of money - e.g. I had to break a $100 bill just to buy the candy
bright (traverse) - (verb) destroy the completeness of a set of related items - e.g. The book dealer would not break the set
bright (traverse) - (verb) make the opening shot that scatters the balls - e.g.
bright (traverse) - (verb) separate from a clinch, in boxing - e.g. The referee broke the boxers
bright (traverse) - (verb) go to pieces - e.g. The lawn mower finally broke
bright (traverse) - (verb) break a piece from a whole - e.g. break a branch from a tree
bright (traverse) - (verb) become punctured or penetrated - e.g. The skin broke
bright (traverse) - (verb) pierce or penetrate - e.g. The blade broke her skin
bright (traverse) - (verb) be released or become known; of news - e.g. News of her death broke in the morning
bright (traverse) - (verb) cease an action temporarily - e.g. We pause for station identification
bright (traverse) - (verb) interrupt the flow of current in - e.g. break a circuit
bright (traverse) - (verb) undergo breaking - e.g. The simple vowels broke in many Germanic languages
bright (traverse) - (verb) find a flaw in - e.g. break an alibi
bright (traverse) - (verb) find the solution or key to - e.g. break the code
bright (traverse) - (verb) change suddenly from one tone quality or register to another - e.g. Her voice broke to a whisper when she started to talk about her children
bright (traverse) - (verb) happen - e.g. Report the news as it develops
bright (traverse) - (verb) become fractured; break or crack on the surface only - e.g. The glass cracked when it was heated
bright (traverse) - (verb) crack; of the male voice in puberty - e.g. his voice is breaking--he should no longer sing in the choir
bright (traverse) - (verb) fall sharply - e.g. stock prices broke
bright (traverse) - (verb) fracture a bone of - e.g. I broke my foot while playing hockey
bright (traverse) - (verb) diminish or discontinue abruptly - e.g. The patient's fever broke last night
bright (traverse) - (verb) weaken or destroy in spirit or body - e.g. His resistance was broken
brother (male sibling) - (noun) a male with the same parents as someone else - e.g. my brother still lives with our parents
brother (member) - (noun) a male person who is a fellow member (of a fraternity or religion or other group) - e.g. none of his brothers would betray him
brother (member) - (noun) a close friend who accompanies his buddies in their activities - e.g.
brother (friend) - (noun) used as a term of address for those male persons engaged in the same movement - e.g. Greetings, comrade!
brother (monk) - (noun) (Roman Catholic Church) a title given to a monk and used as form of address - e.g. a Benedictine Brother
brown (chromatic color) - (noun) an orange of low brightness and saturation - e.g.
brush (vegetation) - (noun) a dense growth of bushes - e.g.
brush (implement) - (noun) an implement that has hairs or bristles firmly set into a handle - e.g.
brush (touch) - (noun) momentary contact - e.g.
brush (electrical device) - (noun) conducts current between rotating and stationary parts of a generator or motor - e.g.
brush (tail) - (noun) a bushy tail or part of a bushy tail (especially of the fox) - e.g.
brush (fight) - (noun) a minor short-term fight - e.g.
brush (dental care) - (noun) the act of brushing your teeth - e.g. the dentist recommended two brushes a day
brush (hair care) - (noun) the act of brushing your hair - e.g. he gave his hair a quick brush
brush (contact) - (noun) contact with something dangerous or undesirable - e.g. I had a brush with danger on my way to work
brush (rub) - (verb) rub with a brush, or as if with a brush - e.g. Johnson brushed the hairs from his jacket
brush (touch) - (verb) touch lightly and briefly - e.g. He brushed the wall lightly
brush (clean) - (verb) clean with a brush - e.g. She brushed the suit before hanging it back into the closet
brush (move) - (verb) sweep across or over - e.g. Her long skirt brushed the floor
brush (remove) - (verb) remove with or as if with a brush - e.g. brush away the crumbs
brush (cover) - (verb) cover by brushing - e.g. brush the bread with melted butter
bucket (vessel) - (noun) a roughly cylindrical vessel that is open at the top - e.g.
bucket (containerful) - (noun) the quantity contained in a bucket - e.g.
bucket (put) - (verb) put into a bucket - e.g.
bucket (transport) - (verb) carry in a bucket - e.g.
building (structure) - (noun) a structure that has a roof and walls and stands more or less permanently in one place - e.g. there was a three-story building on the corner
building (structure) - (noun) the act of constructing something - e.g. during the construction we had to take a detour
building (structure) - (noun) the commercial activity involved in repairing old structures or constructing new ones - e.g. their main business is home construction
building (gathering) - (noun) the occupants of a building - e.g. the entire building complained about the noise
building (gathering) - (noun) make by combining materials and parts - e.g. this little pig made his house out of straw
building (gathering) - (noun) form or accumulate steadily - e.g. Resistance to the manager's plan built up quickly
building (gathering) - (noun) build or establish something abstract - e.g. build a reputation
building (gathering) - (noun) improve the cleansing action of - e.g. build detergents
building (gathering) - (noun) order, supervise, or finance the construction of - e.g. The government is building new schools in this state
building (gathering) - (noun) give form to, according to a plan - e.g. build a modern nation
building (gathering) - (noun) be engaged in building - e.g. These architects build in interesting and new styles
building (gathering) - (noun) found or ground - e.g. build a defense on nothing but the accused person's reputation
building (gathering) - (noun) bolster or strengthen - e.g. We worked up courage
building (gathering) - (noun) develop and grow - e.g. Suspense was building right from the beginning of the opera
bulb (stalk) - (noun) a modified bud consisting of a thickened globular underground stem serving as a reproductive structure - e.g.
bulb (stalk) - (noun) electric lamp consisting of a transparent or translucent glass housing containing a wire filament (usually tungsten) that emits light when heated by electricity - e.g.
bulb (part) - (noun) a rounded part of a cylindrical instrument (usually at one end) - e.g. the bulb of a syringe
bulb (round shape) - (noun) anything with a round shape resembling a teardrop - e.g.
bulb (round shape) - (noun) lower or hindmost part of the brain; continuous with spinal cord; (`bulb' is an old term for medulla oblongata) - e.g. the medulla oblongata is the most vital part of the brain because it contains centers controlling breathing and heart functioning
bulb (structure) - (noun) a rounded dilation or expansion in a canal or vessel or organ - e.g.
burn (pain) - (noun) pain that feels hot as if it were on fire - e.g.
burn (pain) - (noun) a browning of the skin resulting from exposure to the rays of the sun - e.g.
burn (injury) - (noun) an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation - e.g.
burn (blemish) - (noun) a place or area that has been burned (especially on a person's body) - e.g.
burn (damage) - (noun) damage inflicted by fire - e.g.
burn (destroy) - (verb) destroy by fire - e.g. They burned the house and his diaries
burn (shine) - (verb) shine intensely, as if with heat - e.g. The coals were glowing in the dark
burn (change state) - (verb) undergo combustion - e.g. Maple wood burns well
burn (change state) - (verb) cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort - e.g. The sun burned his face
burn (change state) - (verb) the act of exploding or bursting - e.g. the explosion of the firecrackers awoke the children
burn (change state) - (verb) rapid simultaneous discharge of firearms - e.g. our fusillade from the left flank caught them by surprise
burst (activity) - (noun) a sudden flurry of activity (often for no obvious reason) - e.g. a burst of applause
burst (activity) - (noun) a sudden intense happening - e.g. an outburst of heavy rain
burst (break) - (verb) come open suddenly and violently, as if from internal pressure - e.g. The bubble burst
burst (break) - (verb) force out or release suddenly and often violently something pent up - e.g. break into tears
burst (break) - (verb) burst outward, usually with noise - e.g. The champagne bottle exploded
burst (jump) - (verb) move suddenly, energetically, or violently - e.g. He burst out of the house into the cool night
burst (jump) - (verb) be in a state of movement or action - e.g. The room abounded with screaming children
burst (emerge) - (verb) emerge suddenly - e.g. The sun burst into view
burst (emerge) - (verb) cause to burst - e.g. The ice broke the pipe
burst (break) - (verb) break open or apart suddenly and forcefully - e.g. The dam burst
burst (break) - (verb) a low woody perennial plant usually having several major stems - e.g.
bush (wilderness) - (noun) a large wilderness area - e.g.
bush (wilderness) - (noun) dense vegetation consisting of stunted trees or bushes - e.g.
bush (wilderness) - (noun) a low woody perennial plant usually having several major stems - e.g.
bush (wilderness) - (noun) a large wilderness area - e.g.
bush (wilderness) - (noun) dense vegetation consisting of stunted trees or bushes - e.g.
business (enterprise) - (noun) a commercial or industrial enterprise and the people who constitute it - e.g. he bought his brother's business
business (enterprise) - (noun) the activity of providing goods and services involving financial and commercial and industrial aspects - e.g. computers are now widely used in business
business (enterprise) - (noun) the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money - e.g. he's not in my line of business
business (concern) - (noun) a rightful concern or responsibility - e.g. it's none of your business
business (aim) - (noun) an immediate objective - e.g. gossip was the main business of the evening
business (business activity) - (noun) the volume of commercial activity - e.g. business is good today
business (sector) - (noun) business concerns collectively - e.g. Government and business could not agree
business (sector) - (noun) customers collectively - e.g. they have an upper class clientele
business (acting) - (noun) incidental activity performed by an actor for dramatic effect - e.g. his business with the cane was hilarious
business (acting) - (noun) and nothing more - e.g. I was merely asking
butter (dairy product) - (noun) an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use - e.g.
butter (combatant) - (noun) a fighter who strikes the opponent with his head - e.g.
butter (cover) - (verb) spread butter on - e.g. butter bread
butterfly (lepidopterous insect) - (noun) diurnal insect typically having a slender body with knobbed antennae and broad colorful wings - e.g.
butterfly (swimming stroke) - (noun) a swimming stroke in which the arms are thrown forward together out of the water while the feet kick up and down - e.g.
butterfly (flit) - (verb) flutter like a butterfly - e.g.
butterfly (unfold) - (verb) cut and spread open, as in preparation for cooking - e.g. butterflied shrimp
butterfly (unfold) - (verb) talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions - e.g. The guys always try to chat up the new secretaries
button (fastener) - (noun) a round fastener sewn to shirts and coats etc to fit through buttonholes - e.g.
button (fastener) - (noun) an electrical switch operated by pressing - e.g. the elevator was operated by push buttons
button (plant part) - (noun) any of various plant parts that resemble buttons - e.g.
button (badge) - (noun) a round flat badge displaying information and suitable for pinning onto a garment - e.g. they passed out campaign buttons for their candidate
button (badge) - (noun) a female sexual organ homologous to the penis - e.g.
button (badge) - (noun) a device that when pressed will release part of a mechanism - e.g.
button (artifact) - (noun) any artifact that resembles a button - e.g.
button (add) - (verb) provide with buttons - e.g. button a shirt
button (fasten) - (verb) fasten with buttons - e.g. button the dress
cabbage (cruciferous vegetable) - (noun) any of various types of cabbage - e.g.
cabbage (cruciferous vegetable) - (noun) informal terms for money - e.g.
cabbage (crucifer) - (noun) any of various cultivars of the genus Brassica oleracea grown for their edible leaves or flowers - e.g.
cabbage (crucifer) - (noun) make off with belongings of others - e.g.
cake (block) - (noun) a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) - e.g. a bar of chocolate
cake (block) - (noun) small flat mass of chopped food - e.g.
cake (baked goods) - (noun) baked goods made from or based on a mixture of flour, sugar, eggs, and fat - e.g.
cake (baked goods) - (noun) form a coat over - e.g. Dirt had coated her face
camel (even-toed ungulate) - (noun) cud-chewing mammal used as a draft or saddle animal in desert regions - e.g.
camera (photographic equipment) - (noun) equipment for taking photographs (usually consisting of a lightproof box with a lens at one end and light-sensitive film at the other) - e.g.
camera (photographic equipment) - (noun) television equipment consisting of a lens system that focuses an image on a photosensitive mosaic that is scanned by an electron beam - e.g.
cane (walking stick) - (noun) a stick that people can lean on to help them walk - e.g.
cane (stalk) - (noun) a strong slender often flexible stem as of bamboos, reeds, rattans, or sugar cane - e.g.
cane (switch) - (noun) a stiff switch used to hit students as punishment - e.g.
cane (beat) - (verb) beat with a cane - e.g.
canvas (fabric) - (noun) a heavy, closely woven fabric (used for clothing or chairs or sails or tents) - e.g.
canvas (oil painting) - (noun) an oil painting on canvas fabric - e.g.
canvas (setting) - (noun) the setting for a narrative or fictional or dramatic account - e.g. the crowded canvas of history
canvas (tent) - (noun) a tent made of canvas fabric - e.g.
canvas (tent) - (noun) a large piece of fabric (usually canvas fabric) by means of which wind is used to propel a sailing vessel - e.g.
canvas (mat) - (noun) the mat that forms the floor of the ring in which boxers or professional wrestlers compete - e.g. the boxer picked himself up off the canvas
canvas (solicit) - (verb) solicit votes from potential voters in an electoral campaign - e.g.
canvas (solicit) - (verb) get the opinions (of people) by asking specific questions - e.g.
canvas (cover) - (verb) cover with canvas - e.g. She canvassed the walls of her living room so as to conceal the ugly cracks
canvas (cover) - (verb) consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning - e.g. analyze a sonnet by Shakespeare
card (paper) - (noun) one of a set of small pieces of stiff paper marked in various ways and used for playing games or for telling fortunes - e.g. he collected cards and traded them with the other boys
card (positive identification) - (noun) a card certifying the identity of the bearer - e.g. he had to show his card to get in
card (correspondence) - (noun) a rectangular piece of stiff paper used to send messages (may have printed greetings or pictures) - e.g. they sent us a card from Miami
card (cardboard) - (noun) thin cardboard, usually rectangular - e.g.
card (cardboard) - (noun) a witty amusing person who makes jokes - e.g.
card (cardboard) - (noun) a sign posted in a public place as an advertisement - e.g. a poster advertised the coming attractions
card (cardboard) - (noun) a printed or written greeting that is left to indicate that you have visited - e.g.
card (record) - (noun) (golf) a record of scores (as in golf) - e.g. you have to turn in your card to get a handicap
card (record) - (noun) a list of dishes available at a restaurant - e.g. the menu was in French
card (record) - (noun) (baseball) a list of batters in the order in which they will bat - e.g. the managers presented their cards to the umpire at home plate
card (record) - (noun) a printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion slots in a computer to increase the computer's capabilities - e.g.
card (record) - (noun) separate the fibers of - e.g. tease wool
card (see) - (verb) ask someone for identification to determine whether he or she is old enough to consume liquor - e.g. I was carded when I tried to buy a beer!
care (work) - (noun) the work of providing treatment for or attending to someone or something - e.g. no medical care was required
care (work) - (noun) judiciousness in avoiding harm or danger - e.g. he exercised caution in opening the door
care (work) - (noun) an anxious feeling - e.g. care had aged him
care (predicament) - (noun) a cause for feeling concern - e.g. his major care was the illness of his wife
care (protection) - (noun) attention and management implying responsibility for safety - e.g. he is in the care of a bodyguard
care (repair) - (noun) activity involved in maintaining something in good working order - e.g. he wrote the manual on car care
care (feel for) - (verb) feel concern or interest - e.g. I really care about my work
care (help) - (verb) provide care for - e.g. The nurse was caring for the wounded
care (help) - (verb) prefer or wish to do something - e.g. Do you care to try this dish?
care (help) - (verb) be in charge of, act on, or dispose of - e.g. I can deal with this crew of workers
care (help) - (verb) be concerned with - e.g. I worry about my grades
care (help) - (verb) a railcar where passengers ride - e.g.
carriage (horse-drawn vehicle) - (noun) a vehicle with wheels drawn by one or more horses - e.g.
carriage (bodily property) - (noun) characteristic way of bearing one's body - e.g. stood with good posture
carriage (mechanism) - (noun) a machine part that carries something else - e.g.
carriage (mechanism) - (noun) a small vehicle with four wheels in which a baby or child is pushed around - e.g.
carrot (root) - (noun) deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant - e.g.
carrot (herb) - (noun) perennial plant widely cultivated as an annual in many varieties for its long conical orange edible roots; temperate and tropical regions - e.g.
carrot (root vegetable) - (noun) orange root; important source of carotene - e.g.
carrot (reward) - (noun) promise of reward as in "carrot and stick";  - e.g. used the carrot of subsidized housing for the workers to get their vote
cart (wagon) - (noun) a heavy open wagon usually having two wheels and drawn by an animal - e.g.
cart (wagon) - (noun) wheeled vehicle that can be pushed by a person; may have one or two or four wheels - e.g. he used a handcart to carry the rocks away
cart (wagon) - (noun) draw slowly or heavily - e.g. haul stones
cart (transport) - (verb) transport something in a cart - e.g.
cat (feline) - (noun) feline mammal usually having thick soft fur and no ability to roar: domestic cats; wildcats - e.g.
cat (feline) - (noun) an informal term for a youth or man - e.g. a nice guy
cat (gossip) - (noun) a spiteful woman gossip - e.g. what a cat she is!
cat (gossip) - (noun) the leaves of the shrub Catha edulis which are chewed like tobacco or used to make tea; has the effect of a euphoric stimulant - e.g. in Yemen kat is used daily by 85% of adults
cat (whip) - (noun) a whip with nine knotted cords - e.g. British sailors feared the cat
cat (tracked vehicle) - (noun) a large tracked vehicle that is propelled by two endless metal belts; frequently used for moving earth in construction and farm work - e.g.
cat (tracked vehicle) - (noun) any of several large cats typically able to roar and living in the wild - e.g.
cat (tracked vehicle) - (noun) a method of examining body organs by scanning them with X rays and using a computer to construct a series of cross-sectional scans along a single axis - e.g.
cat (flog) - (verb) beat with a cat-o'-nine-tails - e.g.
cat (flog) - (verb) eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth - e.g. After drinking too much, the students vomited
caterpillar (larva) - (noun) a wormlike and often brightly colored and hairy or spiny larva of a butterfly or moth - e.g.
caterpillar (tracked vehicle) - (noun) a large tracked vehicle that is propelled by two endless metal belts; frequently used for moving earth in construction and farm work - e.g.
cauliflower (crucifer) - (noun) a plant having a large edible head of crowded white flower buds - e.g.
cauliflower (cruciferous vegetable) - (noun) compact head of white undeveloped flowers - e.g.
cause (origin) - (noun) events that provide the generative force that is the origin of something - e.g. they are trying to determine the cause of the crash
cause (justification) - (noun) a justification for something existing or happening - e.g. he had no cause to complain
cause (justification) - (noun) a series of actions advancing a principle or tending toward a particular end - e.g. he supported populist campaigns
cause (justification) - (noun) any entity that produces an effect or is responsible for events or results - e.g.
cause (justification) - (noun) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court of law whereby an individual seeks a legal remedy - e.g. the family brought suit against the landlord
cause (make) - (verb) give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally - e.g. cause a commotion
cause (make) - (verb) cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner - e.g. The ads induced me to buy a VCR
cedar (conifer) - (noun) any of numerous trees of the family Cupressaceae that resemble cedars - e.g.
cedar (wood) - (noun) durable aromatic wood of any of numerous cedar trees; especially wood of the red cedar often used for cedar chests - e.g.
cedar (conifer) - (noun) any cedar of the genus Cedrus - e.g.
cereal (grass) - (noun) grass whose starchy grains are used as food: wheat; rice; rye; oats; maize; buckwheat; millet - e.g.
cereal (grass) - (noun) foodstuff prepared from the starchy grains of cereal grasses - e.g.
cereal (breakfast food) - (noun) a breakfast food prepared from grain - e.g.
cereal (grass) - (noun) grass whose starchy grains are used as food: wheat; rice; rye; oats; maize; buckwheat; millet - e.g.
cereal (grass) - (noun) foodstuff prepared from the starchy grains of cereal grasses - e.g.
cereal (breakfast food) - (noun) a breakfast food prepared from grain - e.g.
chain (series) - (noun) a series of things depending on each other as if linked together - e.g. the chain of command
chain (unit) - (noun) (chemistry) a series of linked atoms (generally in an organic molecule) - e.g.
chain (ligament) - (noun) a series of (usually metal) rings or links fitted into one another to make a flexible ligament - e.g.
chain (business) - (noun) (business) a number of similar establishments (stores or restaurants or banks or hotels or theaters) under one ownership - e.g.
chain (restraint) - (noun) anything that acts as a restraint - e.g.
chain (linear unit) - (noun) a unit of length - e.g.
chalk (calcite) - (noun) a soft whitish calcite - e.g.
chalk (white) - (noun) a pure flat white with little reflectance - e.g.
chalk (white) - (noun) an amphetamine derivative (trade name Methedrine) used in the form of a crystalline hydrochloride; used as a stimulant to the nervous system and as an appetite suppressant - e.g.
chalk (writing implement) - (noun) a piece of calcite or a similar substance, usually in the shape of a crayon, that is used to write or draw on blackboards or other flat surfaces - e.g.
chalk (draw) - (verb) write, draw, or trace with chalk - e.g.
chalk (draw) - (verb) a possibility due to a favorable combination of circumstances - e.g. the holiday gave us the opportunity to visit Washington
chalk (draw) - (verb) an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one way rather than another - e.g. bad luck caused his downfall
chance (risk) - (noun) a risk involving danger - e.g. you take a chance when you let her drive
chance (risk) - (noun) a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible - e.g. the probability that an unbiased coin will fall with the head up is 0.5
chance (risk) - (noun) the possibility of future success - e.g. his prospects as a writer are excellent
chance (happen) - (verb) be the case by chance - e.g. I chanced to meet my old friend in the street
chance (happen) - (verb) take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome - e.g. When you buy these stocks you are gambling
chance (happen) - (verb) come upon, as if by accident; meet with - e.g. We find this idea in Plato
chance (happen) - (verb) occurring or appearing or singled out by chance - e.g. seek help from casual passers-by
change (happening) - (noun) an event that occurs when something passes from one state or phase to another - e.g. the change was intended to increase sales
change (relation) - (noun) a relational difference between states; especially between states before and after some event - e.g. he attributed the change to their marriage
change (action) - (noun) the action of changing something - e.g. the change of government had no impact on the economy
change (consequence) - (noun) the result of alteration or modification - e.g. there were marked changes in the lining of the lungs
change (cash) - (noun) the balance of money received when the amount you tender is greater than the amount due - e.g. I paid with a twenty and pocketed the change
change (thing) - (noun) a thing that is different - e.g. he inspected several changes before selecting one
change (clothing) - (noun) a different or fresh set of clothes - e.g. she brought a change in her overnight bag
change (coin) - (noun) coins of small denomination regarded collectively - e.g. he had a pocketful of change
change (cash) - (noun) money received in return for its equivalent in a larger denomination or a different currency - e.g. he got change for a twenty and used it to pay the taxi driver
change (cash) - (noun) a difference that is usually pleasant - e.g. he goes to France for variety
cheese (dairy product) - (noun) a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk - e.g.
cheese (dairy product) - (noun) erect or decumbent Old World perennial with axillary clusters of rosy-purple flowers; introduced in United States - e.g.
cheese (discontinue) - (verb) used in the imperative (get away, or stop it) - e.g. Cheese it!
cheese (spool) - (verb) wind onto a cheese - e.g. cheese the yarn
chemical (material) - (noun) material produced by or used in a reaction involving changes in atoms or molecules - e.g.
cherry (wood) - (noun) wood of any of various cherry trees especially the black cherry - e.g.
cherry (fruit tree) - (noun) any of numerous trees and shrubs producing a small fleshy round fruit with a single hard stone; many also produce a valuable hardwood - e.g.
cherry (drupe) - (noun) a red fruit with a single hard stone - e.g.
cherry (drupe) - (noun) a red the color of ripe cherries - e.g.
cherry (drupe) - (noun) of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies - e.g.
cherry (drupe) - (noun) the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates - e.g.
chest (box) - (noun) box with a lid; used for storage; usually large and sturdy - e.g.
chest (box) - (noun) the front of the trunk from the neck to the abdomen - e.g. he beat his breast in anger
chest (furniture) - (noun) furniture with drawers for keeping clothes - e.g.
chicken (poultry) - (noun) the flesh of a chicken used for food - e.g.
chicken (domestic fowl) - (noun) a domestic fowl bred for flesh or eggs; believed to have been developed from the red jungle fowl - e.g.
chicken (domestic fowl) - (noun) a person who lacks confidence, is irresolute and wishy-washy - e.g.
chicken (contest) - (noun) a foolhardy competition; a dangerous activity that is continued until one competitor becomes afraid and stops - e.g.
chicory (root) - (noun) the dried root of the chicory plant: used as a coffee substitute - e.g.
chicory (herb) - (noun) perennial Old World herb having rayed flower heads with blue florets cultivated for its root and its heads of crisp edible leaves used in salads - e.g.
chicory (coffee substitute) - (noun) root of the chicory plant roasted and ground to substitute for or adulterate coffee - e.g.
chicory (salad green) - (noun) crisp spiky leaves with somewhat bitter taste - e.g.
chicory (salad green) - (noun) a person who is in charge - e.g. the head of the whole operation
chicory (salad green) - (noun) a person who exercises control over workers - e.g. if you want to leave early you have to ask the foreman
chicory (salad green) - (noun) the head of a tribe or clan - e.g.
chili (dish) - (noun) ground beef and chili peppers or chili powder often with tomatoes and kidney beans - e.g.
chili (hot pepper) - (noun) very hot and finely tapering pepper of special pungency - e.g.
chin (feature) - (noun) the protruding part of the lower jaw - e.g.
chin (feature) - (noun) Kamarupan languages spoken in western Burma and Bangladesh and easternmost India - e.g.
chin (raise) - (verb) raise oneself while hanging from one's hands until one's chin is level with the support bar - e.g.
church (religion) - (noun) one of the groups of Christians who have their own beliefs and forms of worship - e.g.
church (place of worship) - (noun) a place for public (especially Christian) worship - e.g. the church was empty
church (service) - (noun) a service conducted in a house of worship - e.g. don't be late for church
church (body) - (noun) the body of people who attend or belong to a particular local church - e.g. our church is hosting a picnic next week
church (perform) - (verb) perform a special church rite or service for - e.g. church a woman after childbirth
cinnamon (bark) - (noun) aromatic bark used as a spice - e.g.
cinnamon (laurel) - (noun) tropical Asian tree with aromatic yellowish-brown bark; source of the spice cinnamon - e.g.
cinnamon (spice) - (noun) spice from the dried aromatic bark of the Ceylon cinnamon tree; used as rolled strips or ground - e.g.
circle (ellipse) - (noun) ellipse in which the two axes are of equal length; a plane curve generated by one point moving at a constant distance from a fixed point - e.g. he calculated the circumference of the circle
circle (ellipse) - (noun) an unofficial association of people or groups - e.g. the smart set goes there
circle (shape) - (noun) something approximating the shape of a circle - e.g. the chairs were arranged in a circle
circle (shape) - (noun) movement once around a course - e.g. he drove an extra lap just for insurance
circle (shape) - (noun) a road junction at which traffic streams circularly around a central island - e.g. the accident blocked all traffic at the rotary
circle (shape) - (noun) street names for flunitrazepan - e.g.
circle (seating) - (noun) a curved section or tier of seats in a hall or theater or opera house; usually the first tier above the orchestra - e.g. they had excellent seats in the dress circle
circle (rotating mechanism) - (noun) any circular or rotating mechanism - e.g. the machine punched out metal circles
circle (travel) - (verb) travel around something - e.g. circle the globe
circle (travel) - (verb) move in circles - e.g.
circle (travel) - (verb) form a circle around - e.g. encircle the errors
clam (bivalve) - (noun) burrowing marine mollusk living on sand or mud; the shell closes with viselike firmness - e.g.
clam (bivalve) - (noun) a piece of paper money worth one dollar - e.g.
clam (shellfish) - (noun) flesh of either hard-shell or soft-shell clams - e.g.
clam (gather) - (verb) gather clams, by digging in the sand by the ocean - e.g.
clean (weightlift) - (noun) a weightlift in which the barbell is lifted to shoulder height and then jerked overhead - e.g.
clean (change) - (verb) make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from - e.g. Clean the stove!
clean (remove) - (verb) remove unwanted substances from, such as feathers or pits - e.g. Clean the turkey
clean (remove) - (verb) clean and tidy up the house - e.g. She housecleans every week
clean (groom) - (verb) clean one's body or parts thereof, as by washing - e.g. clean up before you see your grandparents
clean (be) - (verb) be cleanable - e.g. This stove cleans easily
clean (deprive) - (verb) deprive wholly of money in a gambling game, robbery, etc. - e.g. The other players cleaned him completely
clean (remove) - (verb) remove all contents or possession from, or empty completely - e.g. The boys cleaned the sandwich platters
clean (remove) - (verb) remove while making clean - e.g. Clean the spots off the rug
clean (remove) - (verb) remove unwanted substances from - e.g.
clean (remove) - (verb) remove shells or husks from - e.g. clean grain before milling it
clear (innocence) - (noun) the state of being free of suspicion - e.g. investigation showed that he was in the clear
clear (innocence) - (noun) a clear or unobstructed space or expanse of land or water - e.g. finally broke out of the forest into the open
clear (innocence) - (noun) rid of obstructions - e.g. Clear your desk
clear (make) - (verb) make a way or path by removing objects - e.g. Clear a path through the dense forest
clock (timepiece) - (noun) a timepiece that shows the time of day - e.g.
clock (quantify) - (verb) measure the time or duration of an event or action or the person who performs an action in a certain period of time - e.g. he clocked the runners
clock (quantify) - (verb) artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synthetic fibers - e.g. the fabric in the curtains was light and semitransparent
cloud (physical phenomenon) - (noun) any collection of particles (e.g., smoke or dust) or gases that is visible - e.g.
cloud (atmospheric phenomenon) - (noun) a visible mass of water or ice particles suspended at a considerable altitude - e.g.
cloud (unreality) - (noun) out of touch with reality - e.g. his head was in the clouds
cloud (gloom) - (noun) a cause of worry or gloom or trouble - e.g. the only cloud on the horizon was the possibility of dissent by the French
cloud (suspicion) - (noun) suspicion affecting your reputation - e.g. after that mistake he was under a cloud
cloud (suspicion) - (noun) a group of many things in the air or on the ground - e.g. a swarm of insects obscured the light
cloud (suspicion) - (noun) make overcast or cloudy - e.g. Fall weather often overcasts our beaches
cloud (suspicion) - (noun) make less visible or unclear - e.g. The stars are obscured by the clouds
cloud (billow) - (verb) billow up in the form of a cloud - e.g. The smoke clouded above the houses
cloud (affect) - (verb) make gloomy or depressed - e.g. Their faces were clouded with sadness
cloud (affect) - (verb) place under suspicion or cast doubt upon - e.g. sully someone's reputation
cloud (change) - (verb) make less clear - e.g. the stroke clouded memories of her youth
cloud (change) - (verb) colour with streaks or blotches of different shades - e.g.
cloud (dull) - (verb) make milky or dull - e.g. The chemical clouded the liquid to which it was added
coal (vegetable matter) - (noun) fossil fuel consisting of carbonized vegetable matter deposited in the Carboniferous period - e.g.
coal (vegetable matter) - (noun) a hot fragment of wood or coal that is left from a fire and is glowing or smoldering - e.g.
coal (vegetable matter) - (noun) burn to charcoal - e.g. Without a drenching rain, the forest fire will char everything
coal (supply) - (verb) supply with coal - e.g.
coal (take in) - (verb) take in coal - e.g. The big ship coaled
coat (overgarment) - (noun) an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; worn outdoors - e.g.
coat (covering) - (noun) a thin layer covering something - e.g. a second coat of paint
coat (hair) - (noun) growth of hair or wool or fur covering the body of an animal - e.g.
coat (cover) - (verb) put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface - e.g. coat the cake with chocolate
coat (dress) - (verb) cover or provide with a coat - e.g.
coat (cover) - (verb) form a coat over - e.g. Dirt had coated her face
coconut (food) - (noun) the edible white meat of a coconut; often shredded for use in e.g. cakes and curries - e.g.
coconut (edible nut) - (noun) large hard-shelled oval nut with a fibrous husk containing thick white meat surrounding a central cavity filled (when fresh) with fluid or milk - e.g.
coconut (palm) - (noun) tall palm tree bearing coconuts as fruits; widely planted throughout the tropics - e.g.
cold (communicable disease) - (noun) a mild viral infection involving the nose and respiratory passages (but not the lungs) - e.g. will they never find a cure for the common cold?
cold (temperature) - (noun) the absence of heat - e.g. the coldness made our breath visible
cold (temperature) - (noun) the sensation produced by low temperatures - e.g. he shivered from the cold
collar (band) - (noun) a band that fits around the neck and is usually folded over - e.g.
collar (band) - (noun) (zoology) an encircling band or marking around the neck of any animal - e.g.
collar (neckpiece) - (noun) anything worn or placed about the neck - e.g. the thief was forced to wear a heavy wooden collar
collar (hoop) - (noun) a short ring fastened over a rod or shaft to limit, guide, or secure a machine part - e.g.
collar (brim) - (noun) the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot - e.g.
collar (band) - (noun) a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it - e.g.
collar (band) - (noun) necklace that fits tightly around a woman's neck - e.g.
collar (restraint) - (noun) a figurative restraint - e.g. asked for a collar on program trading in the stock market
collar (restraint) - (noun) the act of apprehending (especially apprehending a criminal) - e.g. the policeman on the beat got credit for the collar
collar (seize) - (verb) take into custody - e.g. the police nabbed the suspected criminals
collar (seize) - (verb) seize by the neck or collar - e.g.
collar (equip) - (verb) furnish with a collar - e.g. collar the dog
color (visual property) - (noun) a visual attribute of things that results from the light they emit or transmit or reflect - e.g. a white color is made up of many different wavelengths of light
color (interest) - (noun) interest and variety and intensity - e.g. the Puritan Period was lacking in color
color (timbre) - (noun) the timbre of a musical sound - e.g. the recording fails to capture the true color of the original music
color (race) - (noun) a race with skin pigmentation different from the white race (especially Blacks) - e.g.
color (race) - (noun) an outward or token appearance or form that is deliberately misleading - e.g. he hoped his claims would have a semblance of authenticity
color (material) - (noun) any material used for its color - e.g. she used a different color for the trim
color (kind) - (noun) (physics) the characteristic of quarks that determines their role in the strong interaction - e.g. each flavor of quarks comes in three colors
color (appearance) - (noun) the appearance of objects (or light sources) described in terms of a person's perception of their hue and lightness (or brightness) and saturation - e.g.
color (change) - (verb) add color to - e.g. The child colored the drawings
color (change) - (verb) affect as in thought or feeling - e.g. My personal feelings color my judgment in this case
color (influence) - (verb) modify or bias - e.g. His political ideas color his lectures
color (decorate) - (verb) decorate with colors - e.g. color the walls with paint in warm tones
color (apologize) - (verb) give a deceptive explanation or excuse for - e.g. color a lie
color (apologize) - (verb) change color, often in an undesired manner - e.g. The shirts discolored
comb (device) - (noun) a flat device with narrow pointed teeth on one edge; disentangles or arranges hair - e.g.
comb (crest) - (noun) the fleshy red crest on the head of the domestic fowl and other gallinaceous birds - e.g.
comb (tool) - (noun) any of several tools for straightening fibers - e.g.
comb (plate) - (noun) ciliated comb-like swimming plate of a ctenophore - e.g.
comb (hair care) - (noun) the act of drawing a comb through hair - e.g. his hair needed a comb
comb (straighten) - (verb) straighten with a comb - e.g. comb your hair
comb (search) - (verb) search thoroughly - e.g. They combed the area for the missing child
comb (groom) - (verb) smoothen and neaten with or as with a comb - e.g. comb your hair before dinner
comb (groom) - (verb) the thick white fluid containing spermatozoa that is ejaculated by the male genital tract - e.g.
come (travel) - (verb) move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach something or somebody - e.g. He came singing down the road
come (travel) - (verb) reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress - e.g. She arrived home at 7 o'clock
come (happen) - (verb) come to pass; arrive, as in due course - e.g. The first success came three days later
come (change) - (verb) reach or enter a state, relation, condition, use, or position - e.g. The water came to a boil
come (originate) - (verb) to be the product or result - e.g. Melons come from a vine
come (exist) - (verb) be found or available; The furniture comes unassembled" - e.g. These shoes come in three colors
come (exist) - (verb) come forth - e.g. A scream came from the woman's mouth
come (exist) - (verb) be a native of - e.g. She hails from Kalamazoo
come (run) - (verb) extend or reach - e.g. The water came up to my waist
come (be) - (verb) exist or occur in a certain point in a series - e.g. Next came the student from France
come (travel) - (verb) cover a certain distance - e.g. She came a long way
come (travel) - (verb) come under, be classified or included - e.g. fall into a category
come (result) - (verb) happen as a result - e.g. Nothing good will come of this
come (result) - (verb) add up in number or quantity - e.g. The bills amounted to $2,000
come (become) - (verb) develop into - e.g. This idea will never amount to anything
come (arrive) - (verb) be received - e.g. News came in of the massacre in Rwanda
come (arrive) - (verb) come to one's mind; suggest itself - e.g. It occurred to me that we should hire another secretary
come (arrive) - (verb) come from; be connected by a relationship of blood, for example - e.g. She was descended from an old Italian noble family
come (arrive) - (verb) proceed or get along - e.g. How is she doing in her new job?
come (experience) - (verb) experience orgasm - e.g. she could not come because she was too upset
come (rank) - (verb) have a certain priority - e.g. My family comes first
comfort (condition) - (noun) a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain - e.g. he is a man who enjoys his comfort
comfort (pleasure) - (noun) a feeling of freedom from worry or disappointment - e.g.
comfort (pleasure) - (noun) the act of consoling; giving relief in affliction - e.g. his presence was a consolation to her
comfort (pleasure) - (noun) a freedom from financial difficulty that promotes a comfortable state - e.g. a life of luxury and ease
comfort (gratification) - (noun) satisfaction or physical well-being provided by a person or thing - e.g. his friendship was a comfort
comfort (gratification) - (noun) bedding made of two layers of cloth filled with stuffing and stitched together - e.g.
comfort (aid) - (noun) assistance, such as that provided to an enemy or to a known criminal - e.g. it gave comfort to the enemy
committee (administrative unit) - (noun) a special group delegated to consider some matter - e.g. a committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours...  Milton Berle
committee (nongovernmental organization) - (noun) a self-constituted organization to promote something - e.g.
committee (nongovernmental organization) - (noun) a piece of open land for recreational use in an urban area - e.g. they went for a walk in the park
company (institution) - (noun) an institution created to conduct business - e.g. he only invests in large well-established companies
company (army unit) - (noun) small military unit; usually two or three platoons - e.g.
company (friendship) - (noun) the state of being with someone - e.g. he missed their company
company (organization) - (noun) organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical) - e.g. the traveling company all stayed at the same hotel
company (organization) - (noun) a social or business visitor - e.g. the room was a mess because he hadn't expected company
company (social gathering) - (noun) a social gathering of guests or companions - e.g. the house was filled with company when I arrived
company (social gathering) - (noun) a band of people associated temporarily in some activity - e.g. they organized a party to search for food
company (social gathering) - (noun) crew of a ship including the officers; the whole force or personnel of a ship - e.g.
company (unit) - (noun) a unit of firefighters including their equipment - e.g. a hook-and-ladder company
company (consort) - (verb) be a companion to somebody - e.g.
comparison (examination) - (noun) the act of examining resemblances - e.g. they made a comparison of noise levels
comparison (relation) - (noun) relation based on similarities and differences - e.g.
comparison (likeness) - (noun) qualities that are comparable - e.g. no comparison between the two books
competition (business relation) - (noun) a business relation in which two parties compete to gain customers - e.g. business competition can be fiendish at times
competition (business relation) - (noun) an occasion on which a winner is selected from among two or more contestants - e.g.
competition (group action) - (noun) the act of competing as for profit or a prize - e.g. the teams were in fierce contention for first place
competition (group action) - (noun) the contestant you hope to defeat - e.g. he had respect for his rivals
complete (end) - (verb) come or bring to a finish or an end; others finished in over 4 hours" - e.g. He finished the dishes
complete (fill) - (verb) bring to a whole, with all the necessary parts or elements - e.g. A child would complete the family
complete (fill) - (verb) complete or carry out - e.g. discharge one's duties
complete (play) - (verb) complete a pass - e.g.
complex (whole) - (noun) a conceptual whole made up of complicated and related parts - e.g. the complex of shopping malls, houses, and roads created a new town
complex (compound) - (noun) a compound described in terms of the central atom to which other atoms are bound or coordinated - e.g.
complex (feeling) - (noun) (psychoanalysis) a combination of emotions and impulses that have been rejected from awareness but still influence a person's behavior - e.g.
complex (feeling) - (noun) a whole structure (as a building) made up of interconnected or related structures - e.g.
condition (state) - (noun) a state at a particular time - e.g. a condition (or state) of disrepair
condition (premise) - (noun) an assumption on which rests the validity or effect of something else - e.g.
condition (state) - (noun) a mode of being or form of existence of a person or thing - e.g. the human condition
condition (state) - (noun) information that should be kept in mind when making a decision - e.g. another consideration is the time it would take
condition (good health) - (noun) the state of (good) health (especially in the phrases `in condition' or `in shape' or `out of condition' or `out of shape') - e.g.
condition (illness) - (noun) an illness, disease, or other medical problem - e.g. a heart condition
condition (statement) - (noun) (usually plural) a statement of what is required as part of an agreement - e.g. the contract set out the conditions of the lease
condition (procedure) - (noun) the procedure that is varied in order to estimate a variable's effect by comparison with a control condition - e.g.
condition (teach) - (verb) establish a conditioned response - e.g.
condition (teach) - (verb) develop (children's) behavior by instruction and practice; especially to teach self-control - e.g. Parents must discipline their children
condition (teach) - (verb) specify as a condition or requirement in a contract or agreement; make an express demand or provision in an agreement - e.g. The will stipulates that she can live in the house for the rest of her life
condition (better) - (verb) put into a better state - e.g. he conditions old cars
condition (shampoo) - (verb) apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny - e.g. I condition my hair after washing it
connection (relation) - (noun) a relation between things or events (as in the case of one causing the other or sharing features with it) - e.g. there was a connection between eating that pickle and having that nightmare
connection (union) - (noun) the state of being connected - e.g. the connection between church and state is inescapable
connection (instrumentality) - (noun) an instrumentality that connects - e.g. he soldered the connection
connection (acquaintance) - (noun) (usually plural) a person who is influential and to whom you are connected in some way (as by family or friendship) - e.g. he has powerful connections
connection (acquaintance) - (noun) the process of bringing ideas or events together in memory or imagination - e.g. conditioning is a form of learning by association
connection (shape) - (noun) a connecting shape - e.g.
connection (supplier) - (noun) a supplier (especially of narcotics) - e.g.
connection (transportation) - (noun) shifting from one form of transportation to another - e.g. the plane was late and he missed his connection in Atlanta
connection (transportation) - (noun) the act of bringing two things into contact (especially for communication) - e.g. the joining of hands around the table
control (power) - (noun) power to direct or determine - e.g. under control
control (relation) - (noun) a relation of constraint of one entity (thing or person or group) by another - e.g. measures for the control of disease
control (bodily process) - (noun) (physiology) regulation or maintenance of a function or action or reflex etc - e.g. the timing and control of his movements were unimpaired
control (criterion) - (noun) a standard against which other conditions can be compared in a scientific experiment - e.g. the control condition was inappropriate for the conclusions he wished to draw
control (activity) - (noun) the activity of managing or exerting control over something - e.g. the control of the mob by the police was admirable
control (activity) - (noun) the state that exists when one person or group has power over another - e.g. her apparent dominance of her husband was really her attempt to make him pay attention to her
control (activity) - (noun) discipline in personal and social activities - e.g. he was a model of polite restraint
control (activity) - (noun) great skillfulness and knowledge of some subject or activity - e.g. a good command of French
control (mechanism) - (noun) a mechanism that controls the operation of a machine - e.g. the speed controller on his turntable was not working properly
control (spirit) - (noun) a spiritual agency that is assumed to assist the medium during a seance - e.g.
control (economic policy) - (noun) the economic policy of controlling or limiting or curbing prices or wages etc. - e.g. they wanted to repeal all the legislation that imposed economic controls
cook (skilled worker) - (noun) someone who cooks food - e.g.
cookie (cake) - (noun) any of various small flat sweet cakes (`biscuit' is the British term) - e.g.
cookie (cook) - (noun) the cook on a ranch or at a camp - e.g.
cookie (text) - (noun) a short line of text that a web site puts on your computer's hard drive when you access the web site - e.g.
copper (conductor) - (noun) a ductile malleable reddish-brown corrosion-resistant diamagnetic metallic element; occurs in various minerals but is the only metal that occurs abundantly in large masses; used as an elect... - e.g.
copper (penny) - (noun) a copper penny - e.g.
copper (penny) - (noun) uncomplimentary terms for a policeman - e.g.
copper (reddish brown) - (noun) a reddish-brown color resembling the color of polished copper - e.g.
copper (lycaenid) - (noun) any of various small butterflies of the family Lycaenidae having coppery wings - e.g.
copper (coat) - (verb) coat with a layer of copper - e.g.
copper (coat) - (verb) a reproduction of a written record (e.g. of a legal or school record) - e.g.
copy (representation) - (noun) a thing made to be similar or identical to another thing - e.g. she made a copy of the designer dress
copy (text) - (noun) matter to be printed; exclusive of graphical materials - e.g.
copy (material) - (noun) material suitable for a journalistic account - e.g. catastrophes make good copy
copy (write) - (verb) copy down as is - e.g. The students were made to copy the alphabet over and over
copy (write) - (verb) reproduce someone's behavior or looks - e.g. The mime imitated the passers-by
copy (write) - (verb) reproduce or make an exact copy of - e.g. replicate the cell
copy (make) - (verb) make a replica of - e.g. copy that drawing
coral (pink) - (noun) a variable color averaging a deep pink - e.g.
coral (opaque gem) - (noun) the hard stony skeleton of a Mediterranean coral that has a delicate red or pink color and is used for jewelry - e.g.
coral (roe) - (noun) unfertilized lobster roe; reddens in cooking; used as garnish or to color sauces - e.g.
coral (anthozoan) - (noun) marine colonial polyp characterized by a calcareous skeleton; masses in a variety of shapes often forming reefs - e.g.
cord (line) - (noun) a line made of twisted fibers or threads - e.g. the bundle was tied with a cord
cord (volume unit) - (noun) a unit of amount of wood cut for burning; 128 cubic feet - e.g.
cord (conductor) - (noun) a light insulated conductor for household use - e.g.
cord (fabric) - (noun) a cut pile fabric with vertical ribs; usually made of cotton - e.g.
cord (stack) - (verb) stack in cords - e.g. cord firewood
cord (tie) - (verb) bind or tie with a cord - e.g.
cork (plant material) - (noun) outer bark of the cork oak; used for stoppers for bottles etc. - e.g.
cork (plant material) - (noun) (botany) outer tissue of bark; a protective layer of dead cells - e.g.
corn (cereal) - (noun) tall annual cereal grass bearing kernels on large ears: widely cultivated in America in many varieties; the principal cereal in Mexico and Central and South America since pre-Columbian times - e.g.
corn (kernel) - (noun) the dried grains or kernels or corn used as animal feed or ground for meal - e.g.
corn (grain) - (noun) ears of corn that can be prepared and served for human food - e.g.
corn (callosity) - (noun) a hard thickening of the skin (especially on the top or sides of the toes) caused by the pressure of ill-fitting shoes - e.g.
corn (cereal) - (noun) (Great Britain) any of various cereal plants (especially the dominant crop of the region--wheat in Great Britain or oats in Scotland and Ireland) - e.g.
corn (whiskey) - (noun) whiskey distilled from a mash of not less than 80 percent corn - e.g.
corn (mawkishness) - (noun) something sentimental or trite - e.g. that movie was pure corn
corn (feed) - (verb) feed (cattle) with corn - e.g.
corn (preserve) - (verb) preserve with salt - e.g. corned beef
cotton (plant fiber) - (noun) soft silky fibers from cotton plants in their raw state - e.g.
cotton (fabric) - (noun) fabric woven from cotton fibers - e.g.
cotton (shrub) - (noun) erect bushy mallow plant or small tree bearing bolls containing seeds with many long hairy fibers - e.g.
cotton (thread) - (noun) thread made of cotton fibers - e.g.
cotton (like) - (verb) take a liking to - e.g. cotton to something
cough (symptom) - (noun) a sudden noisy expulsion of air from the lungs that clears the air passages; a common symptom of upper respiratory infection or bronchitis or pneumonia or tuberculosis - e.g.
cough (expectorate) - (verb) exhale abruptly, as when one has a chest cold or congestion - e.g. The smoker coughs all day
cough (expectorate) - (verb) a politically organized body of people under a single government - e.g. the state has elected a new president
country (administrative district) - (noun) the territory occupied by a nation - e.g. he returned to the land of his birth
country (administrative district) - (noun) the people who live in a nation or country - e.g. a statement that sums up the nation's mood
country (geographical area) - (noun) an area outside of cities and towns - e.g. his poetry celebrated the slower pace of life in the country
country (geographical area) - (noun) a particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually serving some special purpose or distinguished by its people or culture or geography) - e.g. it was a mountainous area
country (geographical area) - (noun) a covering that serves to conceal or shelter something - e.g. a screen of trees afforded privacy
country (geographical area) - (noun) bedding that keeps a person warm in bed - e.g. he pulled the covers over his head and went to sleep
cover (concealment) - (noun) the act of concealing the existence of something by obstructing the view of it - e.g. the cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft
cover (concealment) - (noun) the protective covering on the front, back, and spine of a book - e.g. the book had a leather binding
cover (natural object) - (noun) a natural object that covers or envelops - e.g. under a covering of dust
cover (natural object) - (noun) covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container) - e.g. he removed the top of the carton
cover (fire) - (noun) fire that makes it difficult for the enemy to fire on your own individuals or formations - e.g. artillery provided covering fire for the withdrawal
cover (fixed charge) - (noun) a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink - e.g.
cover (recording) - (noun) a recording of a song that was first recorded or made popular by somebody else - e.g. they made a cover of a Beatles' song
cover (concealment) - (noun) a false identity and background (especially one created for an undercover agent) - e.g. her new name and passport are cover for her next assignment
cow (cattle) - (noun) female of domestic cattle: "`moo-cow' is a child's term" - e.g.
cow (placental) - (noun) mature female of mammals of which the male is called `bull' - e.g.
cow (unpleasant woman) - (noun) a large unpleasant woman - e.g.
cow (unpleasant woman) - (noun) subdue, restrain, or overcome by affecting with a feeling of awe; frighten (as with threats) - e.g.
crab (decapod crustacean) - (noun) decapod having eyes on short stalks and a broad flattened carapace with a small abdomen folded under the thorax and pincers - e.g.
crab (grouch) - (noun) a quarrelsome grouch - e.g.
crab (grouch) - (noun) (astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Cancer - e.g.
crab (grouch) - (noun) the fourth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about June 21 to July 22 - e.g.
crab (shellfish) - (noun) the edible flesh of any of various crabs - e.g.
crab (louse) - (noun) a louse that infests the pubic region of the human body - e.g.
crab (rowing) - (noun) a stroke of the oar that either misses the water or digs too deeply - e.g. he caught a crab and lost the race
crab (steer) - (verb) direct (an aircraft) into a crosswind - e.g.
crab (scurry) - (verb) scurry sideways like a crab - e.g.
crab (fish) - (verb) fish for crab - e.g.
crab (fish) - (verb) complain - e.g. What was he hollering about?
crack (opening) - (noun) a long narrow opening - e.g.
crack (opening) - (noun) a narrow opening - e.g. he opened the window a crack
crack (opening) - (noun) a long narrow depression in a surface - e.g.
crack (noise) - (noun) a sudden sharp noise - e.g. the crack of a whip
crack (noise) - (noun) a chance to do something - e.g. he wanted a shot at the champion
crack (noise) - (noun) witty remark - e.g.
crack (blemish) - (noun) a blemish resulting from a break without complete separation of the parts - e.g. there was a crack in the mirror
crack (cocaine) - (noun) a purified and potent form of cocaine that is smoked rather than snorted; highly addictive - e.g.
crack (attempt) - (noun) a usually brief attempt - e.g. he took a crack at it
crack (attempt) - (noun) the act of cracking something - e.g.
crack (change) - (verb) become fractured; break or crack on the surface only - e.g. The glass cracked when it was heated
crack (sound) - (verb) make a very sharp explosive sound - e.g. His gun cracked
crack (sound) - (verb) make a sharp sound - e.g. his fingers snapped
crack (hit) - (verb) hit forcefully; deal a hard blow, making a cracking noise - e.g. The teacher cracked him across the face with a ruler
crack (hit) - (verb) pass through (a barrier) - e.g. Registrations cracked through the 30,000 mark in the county
crack (crack) - (verb) break partially but keep its integrity - e.g. The glass cracked
crack (crack) - (verb) break suddenly and abruptly, as under tension - e.g. The pipe snapped
crack (break in) - (verb) gain unauthorized access computers with malicious intentions - e.g. she cracked my password
crack (suffer) - (verb) suffer a nervous breakdown - e.g.
crack (tell) - (verb) tell spontaneously - e.g. crack a joke
crack (change) - (verb) cause to become cracked - e.g. heat and light cracked the back of the leather chair
crack (decompose) - (verb) reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking - e.g.
crack (change) - (verb) break into simpler molecules by means of heat - e.g. The petroleum cracked
crack (change) - (verb) of the highest quality - e.g. an ace reporter
cream (elite) - (noun) the best people or things in a group - e.g. the cream of England's young men were killed in the Great War
cream (dairy product) - (noun) the part of milk containing the butterfat - e.g.
cream (toiletry) - (noun) toiletry consisting of any of various substances in the form of a thick liquid that have a soothing and moisturizing effect when applied to the skin - e.g.
cream (beat) - (verb) make creamy by beating - e.g. Cream the butter
cream (beat) - (verb) beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight - e.g. We licked the other team on Sunday!
cream (put on) - (verb) put on cream, as on one's face or body - e.g. She creams her face every night
cream (put on) - (verb) remove from the surface - e.g. skim cream from the surface of milk
cream (modify) - (verb) add cream to one's coffee, for example - e.g.
cream (modify) - (verb) approval - e.g. give her recognition for trying
credit (assets) - (noun) money available for a client to borrow - e.g.
credit (entry) - (noun) an accounting entry acknowledging income or capital items - e.g.
credit (accomplishment) - (noun) used in the phrase `to your credit' in order to indicate an achievement deserving praise;  - e.g. she already had several performances to her credit
credit (payment) - (noun) arrangement for deferred payment for goods and services - e.g.
credit (attainment) - (noun) recognition by a college or university that a course of studies has been successfully completed; typically measured in semester hours - e.g.
credit (attainment) - (noun) a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage - e.g. the student's essay failed to list several important citations
credit (title) - (noun) an entry on a list of persons who contributed to a film or written work - e.g. the credits were given at the end of the film
credit (estimate) - (noun) an estimate, based on previous dealings, of a person's or an organization's ability to fulfill their financial commitments - e.g.
credit (impute) - (verb) give someone credit for something - e.g. We credited her for saving our jobs
credit (impute) - (verb) ascribe an achievement to - e.g. She was not properly credited in the program
credit (account) - (verb) accounting: enter as credit - e.g. We credit your account with $100
credit (trust) - (verb) have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of - e.g.
crime (transgression) - (noun) (criminal law) an act punishable by law; usually considered an evil act - e.g. a long record of crimes
crime (transgression) - (noun) an evil act not necessarily punishable by law - e.g. crimes of the heart
crocodile (crocodilian reptile) - (noun) large voracious aquatic reptile having a long snout with massive jaws and sharp teeth and a body covered with bony plates; of sluggish tropical waters - e.g.
crocodile (crocodilian reptile) - (noun) (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering - e.g. a barbarous crime
crush (leather) - (noun) leather that has had its grain pattern accentuated - e.g.
crush (crowd) - (noun) a dense crowd of people - e.g.
crush (crowd) - (noun) temporary love of an adolescent - e.g.
crush (compression) - (noun) the act of crushing - e.g.
crush (compression) - (noun) come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority - e.g. The government oppresses political activists
crush (compression) - (noun) to compress with violence, out of natural shape or condition - e.g. crush an aluminum can
crush (compression) - (noun) come out better in a competition, race, or conflict - e.g. Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship
crush (break up) - (verb) break into small pieces - e.g. The car crushed the toy
crush (humiliate) - (verb) humiliate or depress completely - e.g. She was crushed by his refusal of her invitation
crush (humiliate) - (verb) crush or bruise - e.g. jam a toe
crush (humiliate) - (verb) make ineffective - e.g. Martin Luther King tried to break down racial discrimination
crush (break) - (verb) become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure - e.g. The plastic bottle crushed against the wall
cry (utterance) - (noun) a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition - e.g. the speaker was interrupted by loud cries from the rear of the audience
cry (utterance) - (noun) a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate) - e.g. a cry of rage
cry (utterance) - (noun) a slogan used to rally support for a cause - e.g. a cry to arms
cry (effusion) - (noun) a fit of weeping - e.g. had a good cry
cry (sound) - (noun) the characteristic utterance of an animal - e.g. animal cries filled the night
cry (sound) - (noun) utter a sudden loud cry - e.g. she cried with pain when the doctor inserted the needle
cry (express emotion) - (verb) shed tears because of sadness, rage, or pain - e.g. She cried bitterly when she heard the news of his death
cry (express emotion) - (verb) utter aloud; often with surprise, horror, or joy - e.g. `I won!' he exclaimed
cry (announce) - (verb) proclaim or announce in public - e.g. before we had newspapers, a town crier would cry the news
cry (want) - (verb) demand immediate action - e.g. This situation is crying for attention
cry (utter) - (verb) utter a characteristic sound - e.g. The cat was crying
cry (change) - (verb) bring into a particular state by crying - e.g. The little boy cried himself to sleep
cucumber (melon) - (noun) a melon vine of the genus Cucumis; cultivated from earliest times for its cylindrical green fruit - e.g.
cucumber (vegetable) - (noun) cylindrical green fruit with thin green rind and white flesh eaten as a vegetable; related to melons - e.g.
cup (container) - (noun) a small open container usually used for drinking; usually has a handle - e.g. he put the cup back in the saucer
cup (containerful) - (noun) the quantity a cup will hold - e.g. he drank a cup of coffee
cup (concave shape) - (noun) any cup-shaped concavity - e.g. bees filled the waxen cups with honey
cup (united states liquid unit) - (noun) a United States liquid unit equal to 8 fluid ounces - e.g.
cup (plant organ) - (noun) cup-shaped plant organ - e.g.
cup (punch) - (noun) a punch served in a pitcher instead of a punch bowl - e.g.
cup (hole) - (noun) the hole (or metal container in the hole) on a golf green - e.g. he swore as the ball rimmed the cup and rolled away
cup (trophy) - (noun) a large metal vessel with two handles that is awarded as a trophy to the winner of a competition - e.g. the school kept the cups is a special glass case
cup (shape) - (verb) form into the shape of a cup - e.g. She cupped her hands
cup (insert) - (verb) put into a cup - e.g. cup the milk
cup (treat) - (verb) treat by applying evacuated cups to the patient's skin - e.g.
current (electrical phenomenon) - (noun) a flow of electricity through a conductor - e.g. the current was measured in amperes
current (flow) - (noun) a steady flow of a fluid (usually from natural causes) - e.g. the raft floated downstream on the current
current (flow) - (noun) dominant course (suggestive of running water) of successive events or ideas - e.g. two streams of development run through American history
curry (dish) - (noun) (East Indian cookery) a pungent dish of vegetables or meats flavored with curry powder and usually eaten with rice - e.g.
curry (season) - (verb) season with a mixture of spices; typical of Indian cooking - e.g.
curry (process) - (verb) treat by incorporating fat - e.g. curry tanned leather
curry (process) - (verb) give a neat appearance to - e.g. groom the dogs
curtain (blind) - (noun) hanging cloth used as a blind (especially for a window) - e.g.
curtain (barrier) - (noun) any barrier to communication or vision - e.g. a curtain of secrecy
curtain (supply) - (verb) provide with drapery - e.g. curtain the bedrooms
curve (line) - (noun) the trace of a point whose direction of motion changes - e.g.
curve (line) - (noun) a line on a graph representing data - e.g.
curve (pitch) - (noun) a pitch of a baseball that is thrown with spin so that its path curves as it approaches the batter - e.g.
curve (pitch) - (noun) the property possessed by the curving of a line or surface - e.g.
curve (pitch) - (noun) curved segment (of a road or river or railroad track etc.) - e.g.
curve (pitch) - (noun) turn sharply; change direction abruptly - e.g. The car cut to the left at the intersection
curve (pitch) - (noun) extend in curves and turns - e.g. The road winds around the lake
curve (pitch) - (noun) form an arch or curve - e.g. her back arches
curve (pitch) - (noun) bend or cause to bend - e.g. He crooked his index finger
curve (pitch) - (noun) form a curl, curve, or kink - e.g. the cigar smoke curled up at the ceiling
curve (pitch) - (noun) a mechanical damper; absorbs energy of sudden impulses - e.g. the old car needed a new set of shocks
cushion (layer) - (noun) the layer of air that supports a hovercraft or similar vehicle - e.g.
cushion (padding) - (noun) a soft bag filled with air or a mass of padding such as feathers or foam rubber etc. - e.g.
cushion (modify) - (verb) protect from impact - e.g. cushion the blow
custard (dish) - (noun) sweetened mixture of milk and eggs baked or boiled or frozen - e.g.
cut (share) - (noun) a share of the profits - e.g. everyone got a cut of the earnings
cut (transition) - (noun) (film) an immediate transition from one shot to the next - e.g. the cut from the accident scene to the hospital seemed too abrupt
cut (furrow) - (noun) a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation - e.g.
cut (gradation) - (noun) a step on some scale - e.g. he is a cut above the rest
cut (wound) - (noun) a wound made by cutting - e.g. he put a bandage over the cut
cut (meat) - (noun) a piece of meat that has been cut from an animal carcass - e.g.
cut (meat) - (noun) a remark capable of wounding mentally - e.g. the unkindest cut of all
cut (excerpt) - (noun) a distinct selection of music from a recording or a compact disc - e.g. he played the first cut on the cd
cut (excerpt) - (noun) the omission that is made when an editorial change shortens a written passage - e.g. an editor's deletions frequently upset young authors
cut (fashion) - (noun) the style in which a garment is cut - e.g. a dress of traditional cut
cut (canal) - (noun) a canal made by erosion or excavation - e.g.
cut (canal) - (noun) a refusal to recognize someone you know - e.g. the snub was clearly intentional
cut (canal) - (noun) in baseball; a batter's attempt to hit a pitched ball - e.g. he took a vicious cut at the ball
cut (stroke) - (noun) (sports) a stroke that puts reverse spin on the ball - e.g. cuts do not bother a good tennis player
cut (division) - (noun) the division of a deck of cards before dealing - e.g. he insisted that we give him the last cut before every deal
cut (opening) - (noun) the act of penetrating or opening open with a sharp edge - e.g. his cut in the lining revealed the hidden jewels
cut (division) - (noun) the act of cutting something into parts - e.g. his cuts were skillful
cut (shortening) - (noun) the act of shortening something by chopping off the ends - e.g. the barber gave him a good cut
cut (decrease) - (noun) the act of reducing the amount or number - e.g. the mayor proposed extensive cuts in the city budget
cut (absence) - (noun) an unexcused absence from class - e.g. he was punished for taking too many cuts in his math class
cut (separate) - (verb) separate with or as if with an instrument - e.g. Cut the rope
cut (separate) - (verb) cut down on; make a reduction in - e.g. reduce your daily fat intake
cut (separate) - (verb) turn sharply; change direction abruptly - e.g. The car cut to the left at the intersection
daisy (flower) - (noun) any of numerous composite plants having flower heads with well-developed ray flowers usually arranged in a single whorl - e.g.
damage (change) - (noun) the occurrence of a change for the worse - e.g.
damage (casualty) - (noun) loss of military equipment - e.g.
damage (change of integrity) - (noun) the act of damaging something or someone - e.g.
damage (change of integrity) - (noun) the amount of money needed to purchase something - e.g. the price of gasoline
damage (change of integrity) - (noun) any harm or injury resulting from a violation of a legal right - e.g.
damage (change) - (verb) inflict damage upon - e.g. The snow damaged the roof
damage (change) - (verb) suffer or be susceptible to damage - e.g. These fine china cups damage easily
danger (condition) - (noun) the condition of being susceptible to harm or injury - e.g. you are in no danger
danger (condition) - (noun) a venture undertaken without regard to possible loss or injury - e.g. he saw the rewards but not the risks of crime
danger (causal agent) - (noun) a cause of pain or injury or loss - e.g. he feared the dangers of traveling by air
danger (area) - (noun) a dangerous place - e.g. He moved out of danger
dark (illumination) - (noun) absence of light or illumination - e.g.
dark (illumination) - (noun) absence of moral or spiritual values - e.g. the powers of darkness
dark (scene) - (noun) an unilluminated area - e.g. he moved off into the darkness
dark (scene) - (noun) the time after sunset and before sunrise while it is dark outside - e.g.
dark (unenlightenment) - (noun) an unenlightened state - e.g. he was in the dark concerning their intentions
daughter (female offspring) - (noun) a female human offspring - e.g. her daughter cared for her in her old age
day (time unit) - (noun) time for Earth to make a complete rotation on its axis - e.g. two days later they left
day (time) - (noun) some point or period in time - e.g. it should arrive any day now
day (calendar day) - (noun) a day assigned to a particular purpose or observance - e.g. Mother's Day
day (time period) - (noun) the time after sunrise and before sunset while it is light outside - e.g. the dawn turned night into day
day (work time) - (noun) the recurring hours when you are not sleeping (especially those when you are working) - e.g. my day began early this morning
day (era) - (noun) an era of existence or influence - e.g. in the day of the dinosaurs
day (time period) - (noun) the period of time taken by a particular planet (e.g. Mars) to make a complete rotation on its axis - e.g. how long is a day on Jupiter?
day (time period) - (noun) the time for one complete rotation of the earth relative to a particular star, about 4 minutes shorter than a mean solar day - e.g.
day (opportunity) - (noun) a period of opportunity - e.g. he deserves his day in court
dead (people) - (noun) people who are no longer living - e.g. they buried the dead
dead (time) - (noun) a time when coldness (or some other quality associated with death) is intense - e.g. the dead of winter
dead (time) - (noun) a beloved person; used as terms of endearment - e.g.
dead (time) - (noun) a sweet innocent mild-mannered person (especially a child) - e.g.
dead (time) - (noun) dearly loved - e.g.
death (change) - (noun) the event of dying or departure from life - e.g. her death came as a terrible shock
death (organic phenomenon) - (noun) the permanent end of all life functions in an organism or part of an organism - e.g. the animal died a painful death
death (state) - (noun) the absence of life or state of being dead - e.g. he seemed more content in death than he had ever been in life
death (end) - (noun) the time when something ends - e.g. it was the death of all his plans
death (end) - (noun) the time at which life ends; continuing until dead - e.g. she stayed until his death
debt (indebtedness) - (noun) the state of owing something (especially money) - e.g. he is badly in debt
debt (liabilities) - (noun) money or goods or services owed by one person to another - e.g.
debt (obligation) - (noun) an obligation to pay or do something - e.g.
decision (choice) - (noun) the act of making up your mind about something - e.g. the burden of decision was his
decision (judgment) - (noun) a position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration - e.g. a decision unfavorable to the opposition
decision (result) - (noun) (boxing) a victory won on points when no knockout has occurred - e.g. had little trouble in taking a unanimous decision over his opponent
decision (result) - (noun) the outcome of a game or contest - e.g. the team dropped three decisions in a row
decision (result) - (noun) the trait of resoluteness as evidenced by firmness of character or purpose - e.g. a man of unusual decisiveness
deep (middle) - (noun) the central and most intense or profound part - e.g. in the deep of night
deep (middle) - (noun) a long steep-sided depression in the ocean floor - e.g.
deep (ocean) - (noun) literary term for an ocean - e.g. denizens of the deep
deer (ruminant) - (noun) distinguished from Bovidae by the male's having solid deciduous antlers - e.g.
degree (property) - (noun) a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality - e.g. a moderate grade of intelligence
degree (state) - (noun) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process - e.g. a remarkable degree of frankness
degree (state) - (noun) an award conferred by a college or university signifying that the recipient has satisfactorily completed a course of study - e.g. he earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude
degree (angular unit) - (noun) a measure for arcs and angles - e.g. there are 360 degrees in a circle
degree (exponent) - (noun) the highest power of a term or variable - e.g.
degree (temperature unit) - (noun) a unit of temperature on a specified scale - e.g. the game was played in spite of the 40-degree temperature
degree (magnitude) - (noun) the seriousness of something (e.g., a burn or crime) - e.g. murder in the second degree
delicate (magnitude) - (noun) a person who relies on another person for support (especially financial support) - e.g.
design (creating by mental acts) - (noun) the act of working out the form of something (as by making a sketch or outline or plan) - e.g. he contributed to the design of a new instrument
design (arrangement) - (noun) an arrangement scheme - e.g. the awkward design of the keyboard made operation difficult
design (arrangement) - (noun) something intended as a guide for making something else - e.g. a blueprint for a house
design (decoration) - (noun) a decorative or artistic work - e.g. the coach had a design on the doors
design (decoration) - (noun) an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions - e.g. his intent was to provide a new translation
design (sketch) - (noun) a preliminary sketch indicating the plan for something - e.g. the design of a building
design (sketch) - (noun) the creation of something in the mind - e.g.
design (sketch) - (noun) make or work out a plan for; devise - e.g. They contrived to murder their boss
design (intend) - (verb) plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect - e.g. This room is not designed for work
design (create) - (verb) create the design for; create or execute in an artistic or highly skilled manner - e.g. Chanel designed the famous suit
design (create by mental act) - (verb) make a design of; plan out in systematic, often graphic form - e.g. design a better mousetrap
design (create) - (verb) create designs - e.g. Dupont designs for the house of Chanel
design (gestate) - (verb) conceive or fashion in the mind; invent - e.g. She designed a good excuse for not attending classes that day
design (intend) - (verb) intend or have as a purpose - e.g. She designed to go far in the world of business
desire (feeling) - (noun) the feeling that accompanies an unsatisfied state - e.g.
desire (tendency) - (noun) an inclination to want things - e.g. a man of many desires
desire (arousal) - (noun) something that is desired - e.g.
dessert (course) - (noun) a dish served as the last course of a meal - e.g.
destruction (termination) - (noun) the termination of something by causing so much damage to it that it cannot be repaired or no longer exists - e.g.
destruction (ending) - (noun) an event (or the result of an event) that completely destroys something - e.g.
destruction (ending) - (noun) a final state - e.g. he came to a bad end
detail (fact) - (noun) an isolated fact that is considered separately from the whole - e.g. several of the details are similar
detail (part) - (noun) a small part that can be considered separately from the whole - e.g. it was perfect in all details
detail (discussion) - (noun) extended treatment of particulars - e.g. the essay contained too much detail
detail (gang) - (noun) a crew of workers selected for a particular task - e.g. a detail was sent to remove the fallen trees
detail (gang) - (noun) a temporary military unit - e.g. the peacekeeping force includes one British contingent
detail (elaborate) - (verb) provide details for - e.g.
detail (assign) - (verb) assign to a specific task - e.g. The ambulances were detailed to the fire station
development (improvement) - (noun) act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining - e.g. he congratulated them on their development of a plan to meet the emergency
development (process) - (noun) a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage (especially a more advanced or mature stage) - e.g. the development of his ideas took many years
development (process) - (noun) (biology) the process of an individual organism growing organically; a purely biological unfolding of events involved in an organism changing gradually from a simple to a more complex level - e.g. he proposed an indicator of osseous development in children
development (change) - (noun) a recent event that has some relevance for the present situation - e.g. recent developments in Iraq
development (change) - (noun) the act of making some area of land or water more profitable or productive or useful - e.g. the development of Alaskan resources
development (district) - (noun) a district that has been developed to serve some purpose - e.g. such land is practical for small park developments
development (improvement) - (noun) a state in which things are improving; the result of developing (as in the early part of a game of chess) - e.g. after he saw the latest development he changed his mind and became a supporter
development (processing) - (noun) processing a photosensitive material in order to make an image visible - e.g. the development and printing of his pictures took only two hours
development (section) - (noun) (music) the section of a composition or movement (especially in sonata form) where the major musical themes are developed and elaborated - e.g.
digestion (chemical process) - (noun) the process of decomposing organic matter (as in sewage) by bacteria or by chemical action or heat - e.g.
digestion (organic process) - (noun) the organic process by which food is converted into substances that can be absorbed into the body - e.g.
digestion (learning) - (noun) learning and coming to understand ideas and information - e.g. his appetite for facts was better than his digestion
dinner (meal) - (noun) the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday - e.g. dinner will be at 8
dinner (party) - (noun) a party of people assembled to have dinner together - e.g. guests should never be late to a dinner party
dinosaur (archosaur) - (noun) any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era - e.g.
direction (path) - (noun) a line leading to a place or point - e.g. he looked the other direction
direction (position) - (noun) the spatial relation between something and the course along which it points or moves - e.g. he checked the direction and velocity of the wind
direction (inclination) - (noun) a general course along which something has a tendency to develop - e.g. I couldn't follow the direction of his thoughts
direction (inclination) - (noun) something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action - e.g.
direction (inclination) - (noun) the act of managing something - e.g. he was given overall management of the program
direction (message) - (noun) a message describing how something is to be done - e.g. he gave directions faster than she could follow them
direction (message) - (noun) the act of setting and holding a course - e.g. a new council was installed under the direction of the king
direction (message) - (noun) a formal statement of a command or injunction to do something - e.g. the judge's charge to the jury
direction (message) - (noun) the concentration of attention or energy on something - e.g. the focus of activity shifted to molecular biology
dirty (change) - (verb) make soiled, filthy, or dirty - e.g. don't soil your clothes when you play outside!
discovery (act) - (noun) the act of discovering something - e.g.
discovery (disclosure) - (noun) something that is discovered - e.g.
discovery (insight) - (noun) a productive insight - e.g.
discovery (disclosure) - (noun) (law) compulsory pretrial disclosure of documents relevant to a case; enables one side in a litigation to elicit information from the other side concerning the facts in the case - e.g.
discussion (communication) - (noun) an extended communication (often interactive) dealing with some particular topic - e.g. the book contains an excellent discussion of modal logic
discussion (speech) - (noun) an exchange of views on some topic - e.g. we had a good discussion
disease (illness) - (noun) an impairment of health or a condition of abnormal functioning - e.g.
disgust (dislike) - (noun) strong feelings of dislike - e.g.
disgust (stimulate) - (verb) fill with distaste - e.g. This spoilt food disgusts me
disgust (repel) - (verb) cause aversion in; offend the moral sense of - e.g. The pornographic pictures sickened us
dish (container) - (noun) a piece of dishware normally used as a container for holding or serving food - e.g. we gave them a set of dishes for a wedding present
dish (nutriment) - (noun) a particular item of prepared food - e.g. she prepared a special dish for dinner
dish (containerful) - (noun) the quantity that a dish will hold - e.g. they served me a dish of rice
dish (containerful) - (noun) a very attractive or seductive looking woman - e.g.
dish (directional antenna) - (noun) directional antenna consisting of a parabolic reflector for microwave or radio frequency radiation - e.g.
dish (directional antenna) - (noun) an activity that you like or at which you are superior - e.g. chemistry is not my cup of tea
dish (directional antenna) - (noun) provide (usually but not necessarily food) - e.g. We serve meals for the homeless
dish (shape) - (verb) make concave; shape like a dish - e.g.
distance (spacing) - (noun) the property created by the space between two objects or points - e.g.
distance (region) - (noun) a distant region - e.g. I could see it in the distance
distance (size) - (noun) size of the gap between two places - e.g. the distance from New York to Chicago
distance (indifference) - (noun) indifference by personal withdrawal - e.g. emotional distance
distance (time interval) - (noun) the interval between two times - e.g. the distance from birth to death
distance (point) - (noun) a remote point in time - e.g. if that happens it will be at some distance in the future
distance (keep) - (verb) keep at a distance - e.g. we have to distance ourselves from these events in order to continue living
distance (keep) - (verb) go far ahead of - e.g. He outdistanced the other runners
distribution (arrangement) - (noun) (statistics) an arrangement of values of a variable showing their observed or theoretical frequency of occurrence - e.g.
distribution (spacing) - (noun) the spatial or geographic property of being scattered about over a range, area, or volume - e.g. worldwide in distribution
distribution (act) - (noun) the act of distributing or spreading or apportioning - e.g.
distribution (commerce) - (noun) the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer - e.g.
division (army unit) - (noun) an army unit large enough to sustain combat - e.g. two infantry divisions were held in reserve
division (army unit) - (noun) one of the portions into which something is regarded as divided and which together constitute a whole - e.g. the written part of the exam
division (separation) - (noun) the act or process of dividing - e.g.
division (administrative unit) - (noun) an administrative unit in government or business - e.g.
division (discord) - (noun) discord that splits a group - e.g.
division (discord) - (noun) a league ranked by quality - e.g. he played baseball in class D for two years
division (biological group) - (noun) (biology) a group of organisms forming a subdivision of a larger category - e.g.
division (phylum) - (noun) (botany) taxonomic unit of plants corresponding to a phylum - e.g.
division (air unit) - (noun) a unit of the United States Air Force usually comprising two or more wings - e.g.
division (naval unit) - (noun) a group of ships of similar type - e.g.
division (arithmetic operation) - (noun) an arithmetic operation that is the inverse of multiplication; the quotient of two numbers is computed - e.g.
division (separation) - (noun) the act of dividing or partitioning; separation by the creation of a boundary that divides or keeps apart - e.g.
division (separation) - (noun) an uproarious party - e.g.
do (solfa syllable) - (noun) the syllable naming the first (tonic) note of any major scale in solmization - e.g.
do (doctor's degree) - (noun) doctor's degree in osteopathy - e.g.
do (doctor's degree) - (noun) engage in - e.g. make love, not war
do (doctor's degree) - (noun) carry out or perform an action - e.g. John did the painting, the weeding, and he cleaned out the gutters
do (carry through) - (verb) get (something) done - e.g. I did my job
do (proceed) - (verb) proceed or get along - e.g. How is she doing in her new job?
do (proceed) - (verb) give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally - e.g. cause a commotion
do (proceed) - (verb) carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions - e.g. practice law
do (proceed) - (verb) be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity - e.g. A few words would answer
do (create) - (verb) create or design, often in a certain way - e.g. Do my room in blue
do (create) - (verb) behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself - e.g. You should act like an adult
do (create) - (verb) spend time in prison or in a labor camp - e.g. He did six years for embezzlement
dog (domestic animal) - (noun) a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds - e.g. the dog barked all night
dog (domestic animal) - (noun) a dull unattractive unpleasant girl or woman - e.g. she got a reputation as a frump
dog (chap) - (noun) informal term for a man - e.g. you lucky dog
dog (chap) - (noun) someone who is morally reprehensible - e.g. you dirty dog
dog (chap) - (noun) a smooth-textured sausage of minced beef or pork usually smoked; often served on a bread roll - e.g.
dog (chap) - (noun) a hinged catch that fits into a notch of a ratchet to move a wheel forward or prevent it from moving backward - e.g.
dog (chap) - (noun) metal supports for logs in a fireplace - e.g. the andirons were too hot to touch
dog (chap) - (noun) go after with the intent to catch - e.g. The policeman chased the mugger down the alley
dolphin (percoid fish) - (noun) large slender food and game fish widely distributed in warm seas (especially around Hawaii) - e.g.
dolphin (toothed whale) - (noun) any of various small toothed whales with a beaklike snout; larger than porpoises - e.g.
door (movable barrier) - (noun) a swinging or sliding barrier that will close the entrance to a room or building or vehicle - e.g. he knocked on the door
door (entrance) - (noun) the entrance (the space in a wall) through which you enter or leave a room or building; the space that a door can close - e.g. he stuck his head in the doorway
door (entree) - (noun) anything providing a means of access (or escape) - e.g. we closed the door to Haitian immigrants
door (structure) - (noun) a structure where people live or work (usually ordered along a street or road) - e.g. the office next door
door (room) - (noun) a room that is entered via a door - e.g. his office is the third door down the hall on the left
doubt (cognitive state) - (noun) the state of being unsure of something - e.g.
doubt (uncertainty) - (noun) uncertainty about the truth or factuality or existence of something - e.g. the dubiousness of his claim
doubt (disbelieve) - (verb) consider unlikely or have doubts about - e.g. I doubt that she will accept his proposal of marriage
doubt (distrust) - (verb) lack confidence in or have doubts about - e.g. I doubt these reports
down (feather) - (noun) soft fine feathers - e.g.
down (turn) - (noun) (American football) a complete play to advance the football - e.g. you have four downs to gain ten yards
drain (emptying) - (noun) emptying something accomplished by allowing liquid to run out of it - e.g.
drain (tube) - (noun) tube inserted into a body cavity (as during surgery) to remove unwanted material - e.g.
drain (pipe) - (noun) a pipe through which liquid is carried away - e.g.
drain (depletion) - (noun) a gradual depletion of energy or resources - e.g. a drain on resources
drain (run) - (verb) flow off gradually - e.g. The rain water drains into this big vat
drain (consume) - (verb) deplete of resources - e.g. The exercise class drains me of energy
drain (empty) - (verb) empty of liquid; drain the liquid from - e.g. We drained the oil tank
drain (empty) - (verb) make weak - e.g. Life in the camp drained him
drawer (container) - (noun) a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out - e.g.
drawer (money handler) - (noun) the person who writes a check or draft instructing the drawee to pay someone else - e.g.
drawer (money handler) - (noun) an artist skilled at drawing - e.g.
dress (woman's clothing) - (noun) a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice - e.g.
dress (woman's clothing) - (noun) clothing of a distinctive style or for a particular occasion - e.g. formal attire
dress (woman's clothing) - (noun) clothing in general - e.g. she was refined in her choice of apparel
dress (change) - (verb) put on clothes - e.g. we had to dress quickly
dress (change state) - (verb) provide with clothes or put clothes on - e.g. Parents must feed and dress their child
dress (finish) - (verb) put a finish on - e.g. dress the surface smooth
dress (dress) - (verb) dress in a certain manner - e.g. She dresses in the latest Paris fashion
dress (dress) - (verb) dress or groom with elaborate care - e.g. She likes to dress when going to the opera
dress (cook) - (verb) kill and prepare for market or consumption - e.g. dress a turkey
dress (position) - (verb) arrange in ranks - e.g. dress troops
dress (position) - (verb) decorate (food), as with parsley or other ornamental foods - e.g.
dress (arrange) - (verb) provide with decoration - e.g. dress the windows
dress (put on) - (verb) put a dressing on - e.g. dress the salads
dress (put on) - (verb) cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of - e.g. dress the plants in the garden
dress (pare) - (verb) cut down rough-hewn (lumber) to standard thickness and width - e.g.
dress (convert) - (verb) convert into leather - e.g. dress the tanned skins
dress (treat) - (verb) apply a bandage or medication to - e.g. dress the victim's wounds
dress (fancify) - (verb) give a neat appearance to - e.g. groom the dogs
dress (groom) - (verb) arrange attractively - e.g. dress my hair for the wedding
dress (groom) - (verb) suitable for formal occasions - e.g. formal wear
drink (helping) - (noun) a single serving of a beverage - e.g. I asked for a hot drink
drink (intemperance) - (noun) the act of drinking alcoholic beverages to excess - e.g. drink was his downfall
drink (intemperance) - (noun) any liquid suitable for drinking - e.g. may I take your beverage order?
drink (body of water) - (noun) any large deep body of water - e.g. he jumped into the drink and had to be rescued
drink (body of water) - (noun) the act of swallowing - e.g. one swallow of the liquid was enough
drink (consume) - (verb) take in liquids - e.g. The patient must drink several liters each day
drink (consume) - (verb) consume alcohol - e.g. We were up drinking all night
drink (consume) - (verb) propose a toast to - e.g. Let us toast the birthday girl!
drink (steep) - (verb) be fascinated or spell-bound by; pay close attention to - e.g. The mother drinks in every word of her son on the stage
drink (use) - (verb) drink excessive amounts of alcohol; be an alcoholic - e.g. The husband drinks and beats his wife
drink (use) - (verb) hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver - e.g. he sliced his drive out of bounds
driving (travel) - (noun) the act of controlling and steering the movement of a vehicle or animal - e.g.
driving (travel) - (noun) operate or control a vehicle - e.g. drive a car or bus
driving (travel) - (noun) travel or be transported in a vehicle - e.g. We drove to the university every morning
driving (travel) - (noun) cause someone or something to move by driving - e.g. She drove me to school every day
driving (travel) - (noun) force into or from an action or state, either physically or metaphorically - e.g. She rammed her mind into focus
driving (travel) - (noun) to compel or force or urge relentlessly or exert coercive pressure on, or motivate strongly - e.g. She is driven by her passion
driving (travel) - (noun) cause to move back by force or influence - e.g. repel the enemy
driving (travel) - (noun) compel somebody to do something, often against his own will or judgment - e.g. She finally drove him to change jobs
driving (travel) - (noun) push, propel, or press with force - e.g. Drive a nail into the wall
driving (travel) - (noun) cause to move rapidly by striking or throwing with force - e.g. drive the ball far out into the field
driving (travel) - (noun) strive and make an effort to reach a goal - e.g. She tugged for years to make a decent living
driving (travel) - (noun) move into a desired direction of discourse - e.g. What are you driving at?
driving (travel) - (noun) have certain properties when driven - e.g. This car rides smoothly
driving (travel) - (noun) work as a driver - e.g. He drives a bread truck
driving (travel) - (noun) move by being propelled by a force - e.g. The car drove around the corner
driving (travel) - (noun) urge forward - e.g. drive the cows into the barn
driving (travel) - (noun) proceed along in a vehicle - e.g. We drive the turnpike to work
driving (travel) - (noun) strike with a driver, as in teeing off - e.g. drive a golf ball
driving (travel) - (noun) hit very hard, as by swinging a bat horizontally - e.g. drive a ball
driving (travel) - (noun) excavate horizontally - e.g. drive a tunnel
driving (travel) - (noun) cause to function by supplying the force or power for or by controlling - e.g. The amplifier drives the tube
driving (travel) - (noun) hunting: search for game - e.g. drive the forest
driving (travel) - (noun) hunting: chase from cover into more open ground - e.g. drive the game
drop (sphere) - (noun) a shape that is spherical and small - e.g. he studied the shapes of low-viscosity drops
drop (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) a small indefinite quantity (especially of a liquid) - e.g. he had a drop too much to drink
drop (decrease) - (noun) a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity - e.g. a drop of 57 points on the Dow Jones index
drop (decrease) - (noun) a steep high face of rock - e.g. he stood on a high cliff overlooking the town
drop (hiding place) - (noun) a predetermined hiding place for the deposit and distribution of illicit goods (such as drugs or stolen property) - e.g.
drop (gravitation) - (noun) a free and rapid descent by the force of gravity - e.g. it was a miracle that he survived the drop from that height
drop (curtain) - (noun) a curtain that can be lowered and raised onto a stage from the flies; often used as background scenery - e.g.
drop (depository) - (noun) a central depository where things can be left or picked up - e.g.
drop (descent) - (noun) the act of dropping something - e.g. they expected the drop would be successful
drop (move) - (verb) let fall to the ground - e.g. Don't drop the dishes
drop (descend) - (verb) to fall vertically - e.g. the bombs are dropping on enemy targets
drop (decline) - (verb) go down in value - e.g. Stock prices dropped
drop (decline) - (verb) fall or descend to a lower place or level - e.g. He sank to his knees
drop (remove) - (verb) terminate an association with - e.g. drop him from the Republican ticket
drop (express) - (verb) utter with seeming casualness; drop names" - e.g. drop a hint
drop (discontinue) - (verb) stop pursuing or acting - e.g. drop a lawsuit
drop (deliver) - (verb) leave or unload - e.g. unload the cargo
drop (deliver) - (verb) cause to fall by or as if by delivering a blow - e.g. strike down a tree
drop (lose) - (verb) lose (a game) - e.g. The Giants dropped 11 of their first 13
drop (lose) - (verb) pay out - e.g. spend money
drop (lose) - (verb) lower the pitch of (musical notes) - e.g.
drop (lose) - (verb) hang freely - e.g. the ornaments dangled from the tree
drop (lose) - (verb) stop associating with - e.g. They dropped her after she had a child out of wedlock
drop (lose) - (verb) let or cause to fall in drops - e.g. dribble oil into the mixture
drop (lose) - (verb) get rid of - e.g. he shed his image as a pushy boss
drop (drug) - (verb) take (a drug, especially LSD), by mouth - e.g. She dropped acid when she was a teenager
drop (elide) - (verb) omit (a letter or syllable) in speaking or writing - e.g.  New Englanders drop their post-vocalic r's
drop (elide) - (verb) leave undone or leave out - e.g. How could I miss that typo?
drop (change) - (verb) change from one level to another - e.g. She dropped into army jargon
drop (fall) - (verb) fall or sink into a state of exhaustion or death - e.g. shop til you drop
drop (fall) - (verb) grow worse - e.g. Her condition deteriorated
drop (give birth) - (verb) give birth; used for animals - e.g. The cow dropped her calf this morning
drug (agent) - (noun) a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic - e.g.
drug (medicate) - (verb) administer a drug to - e.g. They drugged the kidnapped tourist
drug (consume) - (verb) use recreational drugs - e.g.
dry (reformer) - (noun) a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages - e.g.
dry (change) - (verb) remove the moisture from and make dry - e.g. dry clothes
dry (change) - (verb) become dry or drier - e.g. The laundry dries in the sun
duck (anseriform bird) - (noun) small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually having a depressed body and short legs - e.g.
duck (score) - (noun) (cricket) a score of nothing by a batsman - e.g.
duck (poultry) - (noun) flesh of a duck (domestic or wild) - e.g.
duck (fabric) - (noun) a heavy cotton fabric of plain weave; used for clothing and tents - e.g.
duck (move) - (verb) to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away - e.g. Before he could duck, another stone struck him
duck (dive) - (verb) submerge or plunge suddenly - e.g.
duck (dive) - (verb) dip into a liquid - e.g. He dipped into the pool
duck (dive) - (verb) avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues) - e.g. He dodged the issue
dumpling (pasta) - (noun) small balls or strips of boiled or steamed dough - e.g.
dumpling (dessert) - (noun) dessert made by baking fruit wrapped in pastry - e.g.
dust (particulate) - (noun) fine powdery material such as dry earth or pollen that can be blown about in the air - e.g. the furniture was covered with dust
dust (particulate) - (noun) the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up - e.g.
dust (material) - (noun) free microscopic particles of solid material - e.g. astronomers say that the empty space between planets actually contains measurable amounts of dust
dust (clean) - (verb) remove the dust from - e.g. dust the cabinets
dust (smear) - (verb) rub the dust over a surface so as to blur the outlines of a shape - e.g. The artist dusted the charcoal drawing down to a faint image
dust (cover) - (verb) cover with a light dusting of a substance - e.g. dust the bread with flour
dust (cover) - (verb) distribute loosely - e.g. He scattered gun powder under the wagon
ear (sense organ) - (noun) the sense organ for hearing and equilibrium - e.g.
ear (hearing) - (noun) good hearing - e.g. he had a keen ear
ear (hearing) - (noun) the externally visible cartilaginous structure of the external ear - e.g.
ear (attention) - (noun) attention to what is said - e.g. he tried to get her ear
ear (fruit) - (noun) fruiting spike of a cereal plant especially corn - e.g.
east (cardinal compass point) - (noun) the cardinal compass point that is at 90 degrees - e.g.
edge (boundary) - (noun) the boundary of a surface - e.g.
edge (boundary) - (noun) a line determining the limits of an area - e.g.
edge (side) - (noun) a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object - e.g. he rounded the edges of the box
edge (urgency) - (noun) the attribute of urgency in tone of voice - e.g. his voice had an edge to it
edge (superiority) - (noun) a slight competitive advantage - e.g. he had an edge on the competition
edge (limit) - (noun) the outside limit of an object or area or surface; a place farthest away from the center of something - e.g. the edge of the leaf is wavy
edge (advance) - (verb) advance slowly, as if by inches - e.g. He edged towards the car
edge (advance) - (verb) provide with a border or edge - e.g. edge the tablecloth with embroidery
edge (advance) - (verb) lie adjacent to another or share a boundary - e.g. Canada adjoins the U.S.
edge (sharpen) - (verb) provide with an edge - e.g. edge a blade
education (activity) - (noun) the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart knowledge or skill - e.g. he received no formal education
education (content) - (noun) knowledge acquired by learning and instruction - e.g. it was clear that he had a very broad education
education (learning) - (noun) the gradual process of acquiring knowledge - e.g. education is a preparation for life
education (profession) - (noun) the profession of teaching (especially at a school or college or university) - e.g.
education (upbringing) - (noun) the result of good upbringing (especially knowledge of correct social behavior) - e.g. a woman of breeding and refinement
education (upbringing) - (noun) the United States federal department that administers all federal programs dealing with education (including federal aid to educational institutions and students); created 1979 - e.g.
education (upbringing) - (noun) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon - e.g. the magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise
education (upbringing) - (noun) an outward appearance - e.g. he made a good impression
effect (impression) - (noun) an impression (especially one that is artificial or contrived) - e.g. he just did it for effect
effect (meaning) - (noun) the central meaning or theme of a speech or literary work - e.g.
effect (validity) - (noun) (of a law) having legal validity - e.g. the law is still in effect
effect (symptom) - (noun) a symptom caused by an illness or a drug - e.g. the effects of sleep loss
effect (cause) - (verb) produce - e.g. The scientists set up a shock wave
effect (act) - (verb) act so as to bring into existence - e.g. effect a change
egg (ovum) - (noun) animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutritive and protective envelopes; especially the thin-shelled reproductive body laid by e.g. female birds - e.g.
egg (foodstuff) - (noun) oval reproductive body of a fowl (especially a hen) used as food - e.g.
egg (foodstuff) - (noun) one of the two male reproductive glands that produce spermatozoa and secrete androgens - e.g. she kicked him in the balls and got away
egg (pelt) - (verb) throw eggs at - e.g.
egg (coat) - (verb) coat with beaten egg - e.g. egg a schnitzel
egg (coat) - (verb) a narrow band of elastic rubber used to hold things (such as papers) together - e.g.
elastic (fabric) - (noun) a fabric made of yarns containing an elastic material - e.g.
electric (car) - (noun) a car that is powered by electricity - e.g.
elephant (pachyderm) - (noun) five-toed pachyderm - e.g.
elephant (emblem) - (noun) the symbol of the Republican Party; introduced in cartoons by Thomas Nast in 1874 - e.g.
end (extremity) - (noun) either extremity of something that has length - e.g. the end of the pier
end (point) - (noun) the point in time at which something ends - e.g. the end of the year
end (ending) - (noun) the concluding parts of an event or occurrence - e.g. the end was exciting
end (ending) - (noun) the state of affairs that a plan is intended to achieve and that (when achieved) terminates behavior intended to achieve it - e.g. the ends justify the means
end (part) - (noun) a final part or section - e.g. we have given it at the end of the section since it involves the calculus
end (state) - (noun) a final state - e.g. he came to a bad end
end (surface) - (noun) the surface at either extremity of a three-dimensional object - e.g. one end of the box was marked `This side up'
end (lineman) - (noun) (football) the person who plays at one end of the line of scrimmage - e.g. the end managed to hold onto the pass
end (boundary) - (noun) a boundary marking the extremities of something - e.g. the end of town
end (topographic point) - (noun) one of two places from which people are communicating to each other - e.g. the phone rang at the other end
end (contribution) - (noun) the part you are expected to play - e.g. he held up his end
end (contribution) - (noun) the last section of a communication - e.g. in conclusion I want to say...
end (piece of cloth) - (noun) a piece of cloth that is left over after the rest has been used or sold - e.g.
end (lineman) - (noun) (American football) a position on the line of scrimmage - e.g. no one wanted to play end
engine (motor) - (noun) motor that converts thermal energy to mechanical work - e.g.
engine (causal agent) - (noun) something used to achieve a purpose - e.g. an engine of change
engine (causal agent) - (noun) a wheeled vehicle consisting of a self-propelled engine that is used to draw trains along railway tracks - e.g.
engine (instrument) - (noun) an instrument or machine that is used in warfare, such as a battering ram, catapult, artillery piece, etc. - e.g. medieval engines of war
enough (relative quantity) - (noun) an adequate quantity; a quantity that is large enough to achieve a purpose - e.g. enough is as good as a feast
enough (relative quantity) - (noun) sufficient for the purpose - e.g. an adequate income
enough (relative quantity) - (noun) a person who is of equal standing with another in a group - e.g.
equal (relative quantity) - (noun) a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention - e.g. he made a bad mistake
equal (relative quantity) - (noun) inadvertent incorrectness - e.g.
error (misconception) - (noun) a misconception resulting from incorrect information - e.g.
error (failure) - (noun) (baseball) a failure of a defensive player to make an out when normal play would have sufficed - e.g.
error (evil) - (noun) departure from what is ethically acceptable - e.g.
error (happening) - (noun) (computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer - e.g.
error (misstatement) - (noun) part of a statement that is not correct - e.g. the book was full of errors
even (day) - (noun) the latter part of the day (the period of decreasing daylight from late afternoon until nightfall) - e.g. he enjoyed the evening light across the lake
even (day) - (noun) make level or straight - e.g. level the ground
even (change) - (verb) become even or more even - e.g. even out the surface
even (regularize) - (verb) make even or more even - e.g.
event (psychological feature) - (noun) something that happens at a given place and time - e.g.
event (circumstance) - (noun) a special set of circumstances - e.g. in that event, the first possibility is excluded
event (physical phenomenon) - (noun) a phenomenon located at a single point in space-time; the fundamental observational entity in relativity theory - e.g.
event (physical phenomenon) - (noun) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon - e.g. the magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise
example (information) - (noun) an item of information that is typical of a class or group - e.g. this patient provides a typical example of the syndrome
example (information) - (noun) a representative form or pattern - e.g. I profited from his example
example (information) - (noun) something to be imitated - e.g. an exemplar of success
example (admonition) - (noun) punishment intended as a warning to others - e.g. they decided to make an example of him
example (admonition) - (noun) an occurrence of something - e.g. it was a case of bad judgment
example (admonition) - (noun) a task performed or problem solved in order to develop skill or understanding - e.g. you must work the examples at the end of each chapter in the textbook
exchange (chemical phenomenon) - (noun) chemical process in which one atom or ion or group changes places with another - e.g.
exchange (conversation) - (noun) a mutual expression of views (especially an unpleasant one) - e.g. they had a bitter exchange
exchange (group action) - (noun) the act of changing one thing for another thing - e.g. Adam was promised immortality in exchange for his disobedience
exchange (transaction) - (noun) the act of giving something in return for something received - e.g. deductible losses on sales or exchanges of property are allowable
exchange (transaction) - (noun) a workplace that serves as a telecommunications facility where lines from telephones can be connected together to permit communication - e.g.
exchange (workplace) - (noun) a workplace for buying and selling; open only to members - e.g.
exchange (workplace) - (noun) (sports) an unbroken sequence of several successive strokes - e.g. after a short rally Connors won the point
exchange (commerce) - (noun) reciprocal transfer of equivalent sums of money (especially the currencies of different countries) - e.g. he earns his living from the interchange of currency
exchange (commerce) - (noun) the act of putting one thing or person in the place of another: "he sent Smith in for Jones but the substitution came too late to help" - e.g.
exchange (capture) - (noun) (chess) gaining (or losing) a rook in return for a knight or bishop - e.g. black lost the exchange
exchange (capture) - (noun) (chess) the capture by both players (usually on consecutive moves) of pieces of equal value - e.g. the endgame began after the exchange of queens
exchange (transfer) - (verb) give to, and receive from, one another - e.g. Would you change places with me?
exchange (transfer) - (verb) exchange or replace with another, usually of the same kind or category - e.g. Could you convert my dollars into pounds?
exchange (transfer) - (verb) change over, change around, as to a new order or sequence - e.g.
exchange (transfer) - (verb) hand over one and receive another, approximately equivalent - e.g. exchange prisoners
exchange (transfer) - (verb) put in the place of another; switch seemingly equivalent items - e.g. the con artist replaced the original with a fake Rembrandt
exchange (transfer) - (verb) exchange a penalty for a less severe one - e.g.
exchange (transfer) - (verb) the state or fact of existing - e.g. a point of view gradually coming into being
exchange (transfer) - (verb) everything that exists anywhere - e.g. they study the evolution of the universe
expansion (increase) - (noun) the act of increasing (something) in size or volume or quantity or scope - e.g.
expansion (function) - (noun) a function expressed as a sum or product of terms - e.g. the expansion of (a+b)^2 is a^2 + 2ab + b^2
expansion (discussion) - (noun) a discussion that provides additional information - e.g.
expansion (increase) - (noun) adding information or detail - e.g.
experience (education) - (noun) the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results from direct participation in events or activities - e.g. a man of experience
experience (content) - (noun) the content of direct observation or participation in an event - e.g. he had a religious experience
experience (happening) - (noun) an event as apprehended - e.g. a surprising experience
experience (undergo) - (verb) go or live through - e.g. We had many trials to go through
experience (undergo) - (verb) have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations - e.g. I know the feeling!
experience (undergo) - (verb) go through (mental or physical states or experiences) - e.g. get an idea
experience (undergo) - (verb) undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind - e.g. She felt resentful
experience (undergo) - (verb) undergo - e.g. The stocks had a fast run-up
expert (person) - (noun) a person with special knowledge or ability who performs skillfully - e.g.
expert (person) - (noun) having or showing knowledge and skill and aptitude - e.g. adept in handicrafts
expert (person) - (noun) of or relating to or requiring special knowledge to be understood - e.g. technical terminology
eye (sense organ) - (noun) the organ of sight - e.g.
eye (sagacity) - (noun) good discernment (either visually or as if visually) - e.g. she has an eye for fresh talent
eye (attention) - (noun) attention to what is seen - e.g. he tried to catch her eye
eye (attention) - (noun) an area that is approximately central within some larger region - e.g. it is in the center of town
eye (hole) - (noun) a small hole or loop (as in a needle) - e.g. the thread wouldn't go through the eye
eye (look) - (verb) look at - e.g.
face (external body part) - (noun) the front of the human head from the forehead to the chin and ear to ear - e.g. he washed his face
face (external body part) - (noun) the feelings expressed on a person's face - e.g. a sad expression
face (appearance) - (noun) the general outward appearance of something - e.g. the face of the city is changing
face (surface) - (noun) the striking or working surface of an implement - e.g.
face (person) - (noun) a part of a person that is used to refer to a person - e.g. he looked out at a roomful of faces
face (person) - (noun) a surface forming part of the outside of an object - e.g. he examined all sides of the crystal
face (external body part) - (noun) the part of an animal corresponding to the human face - e.g.
face (front) - (noun) the side upon which the use of a thing depends (usually the most prominent surface of an object) - e.g. he dealt the cards face down
face (front) - (noun) a contorted facial expression - e.g. she made a grimace at the prospect
face (front) - (noun) a specific size and style of type within a type family - e.g.
face (status) - (noun) status in the eyes of others - e.g. he lost face
face (status) - (noun) impudent aggressiveness - e.g. I couldn't believe her boldness
face (vertical surface) - (noun) a vertical surface of a building or cliff - e.g.
face (vertical surface) - (noun) deal with (something unpleasant) head on - e.g. You must confront your problems
face (vertical surface) - (noun) oppose, as in hostility or a competition - e.g. You must confront your opponent
face (vertical surface) - (noun) be oriented in a certain direction, often with respect to another reference point; be opposite to - e.g. The house looks north
face (be) - (verb) be opposite - e.g. the facing page
face (turn) - (verb) turn so as to face; turn the face in a certain direction - e.g. Turn and face your partner now
face (turn) - (verb) present somebody with something, usually to accuse or criticize - e.g. We confronted him with the evidence
face (disclose) - (verb) turn so as to expose the face - e.g. face a playing card
face (line) - (verb) line the edge (of a garment) with a different material - e.g. face the lapels of the jacket
face (cover) - (verb) cover the front or surface of - e.g. The building was faced with beautiful stones
fact (information) - (noun) a piece of information about circumstances that exist or events that have occurred - e.g. first you must collect all the facts of the case
fact (information) - (noun) a statement or assertion of verified information about something that is the case or has happened - e.g. he supported his argument with an impressive array of facts
fact (reality) - (noun) an event known to have happened or something known to have existed - e.g. your fears have no basis in fact
fact (concept) - (noun) a concept whose truth can be proved - e.g. scientific hypotheses are not facts
fall (season) - (noun) the season when the leaves fall from the trees - e.g. in the fall of 1973
fall (season) - (noun) a sudden drop from an upright position - e.g. he had a nasty spill on the ice
family (unit) - (noun) a social unit living together - e.g. he moved his family to Virginia
family (kin) - (noun) primary social group; parents and children - e.g. he wanted to have a good job before starting a family
family (kin) - (noun) a collection of things sharing a common attribute - e.g. there are two classes of detergents
family (lineage) - (noun) people descended from a common ancestor - e.g. his family has lived in Massachusetts since the Mayflower
family (lineage) - (noun) a person having kinship with another or others - e.g. he's kin
family (taxonomic group) - (noun) (biology) a taxonomic group containing one or more genera - e.g. sharks belong to the fish family
family (taxonomic group) - (noun) a loose affiliation of gangsters in charge of organized criminal activities - e.g.
family (association) - (noun) an association of people who share common beliefs or activities - e.g. the message was addressed not just to employees but to every member of the company family
family (association) - (noun) a terrorist organization that seeks to overthrow the government dominated by Tutsi and to institute Hutu control again - e.g. in 1999 ALIR guerrillas kidnapped and killed eight foreign tourists
farm (workplace) - (noun) workplace consisting of farm buildings and cultivated land as a unit - e.g. it takes several people to work the farm
farm (work) - (verb) be a farmer; work as a farmer - e.g. My son is farming in California
farm (collect) - (verb) collect fees or profits - e.g.
farm (collect) - (verb) cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques - e.g. The Bordeaux region produces great red wines
fat (lipid) - (noun) a soft greasy substance occurring in organic tissue and consisting of a mixture of lipids (mostly triglycerides) - e.g. pizza has too much fat
fat (lipid) - (noun) a kind of body tissue containing stored fat that serves as a source of energy; it also cushions and insulates vital organs - e.g. fatty tissue protected them from the severe cold
fat (bodily property) - (noun) excess bodily weight - e.g. she disliked fatness in herself as well as in others
fat (change) - (verb) make fat or plump - e.g. We will plump out that poor starving child
father (parent) - (noun) a male parent (also used as a term of address to your father) - e.g. his father was born in Atlanta
father (parent) - (noun) the founder of a family - e.g. keep the faith of our forefathers
father (priest) - (noun) `Father' is a term of address for priests in some churches (especially the Roman Catholic Church or the Orthodox Catholic Church); `Padre' is frequently used in the military - e.g.
father (priest) - (noun) (Christianity) any of about 70 theologians in the period from the 2nd to the 7th century whose writing established and confirmed official church doctrine; in the Roman Catholic Church some ... - e.g.
father (leader) - (noun) a person who holds an important or distinguished position in some organization - e.g. the tennis fathers ruled in her favor
fear (emotion) - (noun) an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usually accompanied by a desire to flee or fight) - e.g.
fear (emotion) - (noun) an anxious feeling - e.g. care had aged him
fear (emotion) - (noun) a feeling of profound respect for someone or something - e.g. the fear of God
fear (worry) - (verb) be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event - e.g. I fear she might get aggressive
feather (animal material) - (noun) the light horny waterproof structure forming the external covering of birds - e.g.
feather (rotation) - (noun) turning an oar parallel to the water between pulls - e.g.
feather (join) - (verb) join tongue and groove, in carpentry - e.g.
feather (cover) - (verb) cover or fit with feathers - e.g.
feather (paddle) - (verb) turn the paddle; in canoeing - e.g.
feather (row) - (verb) turn the oar, while rowing - e.g.
feather (row) - (verb) grow feathers - e.g. The young sparrows are fledging already
feed (food) - (noun) food for domestic livestock - e.g.
feed (provide) - (verb) provide as food - e.g. Feed the guests the nuts
feed (provide) - (verb) give food to - e.g. Feed the starving children in India
feed (supply) - (verb) feed into; supply - e.g. Her success feeds her vanity
feed (insert) - (verb) introduce continuously - e.g. feed carrots into a food processor
feed (promote) - (verb) support or promote - e.g. His admiration fed her vanity
feed (consume) - (verb) take in food; used of animals only - e.g. This dog doesn't eat certain kinds of meat
feed (provide) - (verb) serve as food for; be the food for - e.g. This dish feeds six
feed (provide) - (verb) move along, of liquids - e.g. Water flowed into the cave
feed (provide) - (verb) profit from in an exploitatory manner - e.g. He feeds on her insecurity
feed (regale) - (verb) gratify - e.g. feed one's eyes on a gorgeous view
feed (regale) - (verb) provide with fertilizers or add nutrients to - e.g. We should fertilize soil if we want to grow healthy plants
feed (regale) - (verb) give a tip or gratuity to in return for a service, beyond the compensation agreed on - e.g. Remember to tip the waiter
feed (food) - (noun) food for domestic livestock - e.g.
feed (provide) - (verb) provide as food - e.g. Feed the guests the nuts
feed (provide) - (verb) give food to - e.g. Feed the starving children in India
feed (supply) - (verb) feed into; supply - e.g. Her success feeds her vanity
feed (insert) - (verb) introduce continuously - e.g. feed carrots into a food processor
feed (promote) - (verb) support or promote - e.g. His admiration fed her vanity
feed (consume) - (verb) take in food; used of animals only - e.g. This dog doesn't eat certain kinds of meat
feed (provide) - (verb) serve as food for; be the food for - e.g. This dish feeds six
feed (provide) - (verb) move along, of liquids - e.g. Water flowed into the cave
feed (provide) - (verb) profit from in an exploitatory manner - e.g. He feeds on her insecurity
feed (regale) - (verb) gratify - e.g. feed one's eyes on a gorgeous view
feed (regale) - (verb) provide with fertilizers or add nutrients to - e.g. We should fertilize soil if we want to grow healthy plants
feed (regale) - (verb) give a tip or gratuity to in return for a service, beyond the compensation agreed on - e.g. Remember to tip the waiter
feeling (state) - (noun) the experiencing of affective and emotional states - e.g. she had a feeling of euphoria
feeling (state) - (noun) a vague idea in which some confidence is placed - e.g. his impression of her was favorable
feeling (state) - (noun) the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people - e.g. the feel of the city excited him
feeling (somesthesia) - (noun) a physical sensation that you experience - e.g. he had a queasy feeling
feeling (somesthesia) - (noun) the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin - e.g. she likes the touch of silk on her skin
feeling (intuition) - (noun) an intuitive understanding of something - e.g. he had a great feeling for music
feeling (intuition) - (noun) undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind - e.g. She felt resentful
feeling (intuition) - (noun) come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds - e.g. I feel that he doesn't like me
feeling (intuition) - (noun) perceive by a physical sensation, e.g., coming from the skin or muscles - e.g. He felt the wind
feeling (intuition) - (noun) be conscious of a physical, mental, or emotional state - e.g. My cold is gone--I feel fine today
feeling (intuition) - (noun) have a feeling or perception about oneself in reaction to someone's behavior or attitude - e.g. She felt small and insignificant
feeling (intuition) - (noun) undergo passive experience of:"We felt the effects of inflation" - e.g. her fingers felt their way through the string quartet
feeling (intuition) - (noun) be felt or perceived in a certain way - e.g. The ground feels shaky
feeling (intuition) - (noun) grope or feel in search of something - e.g. He felt for his wallet
feeling (intuition) - (noun) examine by touch - e.g. Feel this soft cloth!
feeling (intuition) - (noun) examine (a body part) by palpation - e.g. The nurse palpated the patient's stomach
feeling (intuition) - (noun) find by testing or cautious exploration - e.g. He felt his way around the dark room
feeling (intuition) - (noun) produce a certain impression - e.g. It feels nice to be home again
feeling (intuition) - (noun) pass one's hands over the sexual organs of - e.g. He felt the girl in the movie theater
female (animal) - (noun) an animal that produces gametes (ova) that can be fertilized by male gametes (spermatozoa) - e.g.
female (person) - (noun) a person who belongs to the sex that can have babies - e.g.
fern (pteridophyte) - (noun) any of numerous flowerless and seedless vascular plants having true roots from a rhizome and fronds that uncurl upward; reproduce by spores - e.g.
fiction (literary composition) - (noun) a literary work based on the imagination and not necessarily on fact - e.g.
fiction (literary composition) - (noun) a deliberately false or improbable account - e.g.
field (tract) - (noun) a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed - e.g. he planted a field of wheat
field (tract) - (noun) a region where a battle is being (or has been) fought - e.g. they made a tour of Civil War battlefields
field (region) - (noun) somewhere (away from a studio or office or library or laboratory) where practical work is done or data is collected - e.g. anthropologists do much of their work in the field
field (region) - (noun) a branch of knowledge - e.g. in what discipline is his doctorate?
field (physical phenomenon) - (noun) the space around a radiating body within which its electromagnetic oscillations can exert force on another similar body not in contact with it - e.g.
field (commercial enterprise) - (noun) a particular kind of commercial enterprise - e.g. they are outstanding in their field
field (commercial enterprise) - (noun) a particular environment or walk of life - e.g. his social sphere is limited
field (commercial enterprise) - (noun) a piece of land prepared for playing a game - e.g. the home crowd cheered when Princeton took the field
field (commercial enterprise) - (noun) extensive tract of level open land - e.g. they emerged from the woods onto a vast open plain
field (set) - (noun) (mathematics) a set of elements such that addition and multiplication are commutative and associative and multiplication is distributive over addition and there are two elements 0 and 1 - e.g. the set of all rational numbers is a field
field (region) - (noun) a region in which active military operations are in progress - e.g. the army was in the field awaiting action
field (set) - (noun) all of the horses in a particular horse race - e.g.
field (set) - (noun) all the competitors in a particular contest or sporting event - e.g.
field (geographical area) - (noun) a geographic region (land or sea) under which something valuable is found - e.g. the diamond fields of South Africa
field (set) - (noun) (computer science) a set of one or more adjacent characters comprising a unit of information - e.g.
field (visual percept) - (noun) the area that is visible (as through an optical instrument) - e.g.
field (visual percept) - (noun) a place where planes take off and land - e.g.
field (handle) - (verb) catch or pick up (balls) in baseball or cricket - e.g.
field (play) - (verb) play as a fielder - e.g.
field (answer) - (verb) answer adequately or successfully - e.g. The lawyer fielded all questions from the press
field (choose) - (verb) select (a team or individual player) for a game - e.g. The Buckeyes fielded a young new quarterback for the Rose Bowl
fig (illustration) - (noun) a diagram or picture illustrating textual material - e.g. the area covered can be seen from Figure 2
fig (fig tree) - (noun) Mediterranean tree widely cultivated for its edible fruit - e.g.
fig (fig tree) - (noun) a Libyan terrorist group organized in 1995 and aligned with al-Qaeda; seeks to radicalize the Libyan government; attempted to assassinate Qaddafi - e.g.
fig (edible fruit) - (noun) fleshy sweet pear-shaped yellowish or purple multiple fruit eaten fresh or preserved or dried - e.g.
fig (edible fruit) - (noun) a hostile meeting of opposing military forces in the course of a war - e.g. Grant won a decisive victory in the battle of Chickamauga
fight (conflict) - (noun) the act of fighting; any contest or struggle - e.g. a fight broke out at the hockey game
fight (conflict) - (noun) an aggressive willingness to compete - e.g. the team was full of fight
fight (controversy) - (noun) an intense verbal dispute - e.g. a violent fight over the bill is expected in the Senate
fight (boxing) - (noun) a boxing or wrestling match - e.g. the fight was on television last night
fight (boxing) - (noun) be engaged in a fight; carry on a fight - e.g. the tribesmen fought each other
fight (contend) - (verb) fight against or resist strongly - e.g. The senator said he would oppose the bill
fight (try) - (verb) make a strenuous or labored effort - e.g. She struggled for years to survive without welfare
fight (try) - (verb) exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end or engage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for - e.g. The liberal party pushed for reforms
finger (extremity) - (noun) any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) - e.g. her fingers were long and thin
finger (linear unit) - (noun) the length of breadth of a finger used as a linear measure - e.g.
finger (covering) - (noun) one of the parts of a glove that provides covering for a finger or thumb - e.g.
finger (touch) - (verb) feel or handle with the fingers - e.g. finger the binding of the book
finger (touch) - (verb) examine by touch - e.g. Feel this soft cloth!
finger (search) - (verb) search for on the computer - e.g. I fingered my boss and found that he is not logged on in the afternoons
finger (indicate) - (verb) indicate the fingering for the playing of musical scores for keyboard instruments - e.g.
fir (wood) - (noun) nonresinous wood of a fir tree - e.g.
fir (conifer) - (noun) any of various evergreen trees of the genus Abies; chiefly of upland areas - e.g.
fire (happening) - (noun) the event of something burning (often destructive) - e.g. they lost everything in the fire
fire (attack) - (noun) the act of firing weapons or artillery at an enemy - e.g. hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes
fire (combustion) - (noun) the process of combustion of inflammable materials producing heat and light and (often) smoke - e.g. fire was one of our ancestors' first discoveries
fire (fireplace) - (noun) a fireplace in which a relatively small fire is burning - e.g. they sat by the fire and talked
fire (element) - (noun) once thought to be one of four elements composing the universe (Empedocles) - e.g.
fire (element) - (noun) feelings of great warmth and intensity - e.g. he spoke with great ardor
fire (fuel) - (noun) fuel that is burning and is used as a means for cooking - e.g. put the kettle on the fire
fire (trial) - (noun) a severe trial - e.g. he went through fire and damnation
fire (criticism) - (noun) intense adverse criticism - e.g. Clinton directed his fire at the Republican Party
fire (criticism) - (noun) start firing a weapon - e.g.
first (rank) - (noun) the first or highest in an ordering or series - e.g. He wanted to be the first
first (ordinal number) - (noun) the first element in a countable series - e.g. the first of the month
first (ordinal number) - (noun) the time at which something is supposed to begin - e.g. they got an early start
first (position) - (noun) the fielding position of the player on a baseball team who is stationed at first of the bases in the infield (counting counterclockwise from home plate) - e.g.
first (honours) - (noun) an honours degree of the highest class - e.g.
first (gear) - (noun) the lowest forward gear ratio in the gear box of a motor vehicle; used to start a car moving - e.g.
fish (aquatic vertebrate) - (noun) any of various mostly cold-blooded aquatic vertebrates usually having scales and breathing through gills - e.g. the shark is a large fish
fish (food) - (noun) the flesh of fish used as food - e.g. in Japan most fish is eaten raw
fish (food) - (noun) (astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Pisces - e.g.
fish (food) - (noun) the twelfth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about February 19 to March 20 - e.g.
fish (search) - (verb) seek indirectly - e.g. fish for compliments
fish (catch) - (verb) catch or try to catch fish or shellfish - e.g. I like to go fishing on weekends
fish (catch) - (verb) restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken - e.g. She repaired her TV set
fish (catch) - (verb) cause to be firmly attached - e.g. fasten the lock onto the door
fish (catch) - (verb) decide upon or fix definitely - e.g. fix the variables
fish (catch) - (verb) prepare for eating by applying heat - e.g. Cook me dinner, please
fish (catch) - (verb) take vengeance on or get even - e.g. We'll get them!
fish (catch) - (verb) set or place definitely - e.g. Let's fix the date for the party!
fish (catch) - (verb) kill, preserve, and harden (tissue) in order to prepare for microscopic study - e.g.
fish (catch) - (verb) make fixed, stable or stationary - e.g. let's fix the picture to the frame
fish (catch) - (verb) make infertile - e.g. in some countries, people with genetically transmissible disabilites are sterilized
fish (catch) - (verb) influence an event or its outcome by illegal means - e.g. fix a race
fish (catch) - (verb) put (something somewhere) firmly - e.g. She posited her hand on his shoulder
fish (catch) - (verb) make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc - e.g. Get the children ready for school!
flag (emblem) - (noun) emblem usually consisting of a rectangular piece of cloth of distinctive design - e.g.
flag (emblem) - (noun) a listing printed in all issues of a newspaper or magazine (usually on the editorial page) that gives the name of the publication and the names of the editorial staff, etc. - e.g.
flag (emblem) - (noun) plants with sword-shaped leaves and erect stalks bearing bright-colored flowers composed of three petals and three drooping sepals - e.g.
flag (visual signal) - (noun) a rectangular piece of fabric used as a signalling device - e.g.
flag (visual signal) - (noun) flagpole used to mark the position of the hole on a golf green - e.g.
flag (paving stone) - (noun) stratified stone that splits into pieces suitable as paving stones - e.g.
flag (tail) - (noun) a conspicuously marked or shaped tail - e.g.
flag (sign) - (verb) communicate or signal with a flag - e.g.
flag (mark) - (verb) provide with a flag - e.g. Flag this file so that I can recognize it immediately
flag (mark) - (verb) droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness - e.g.
flag (decorate) - (verb) decorate with flags - e.g. the building was flagged for the holiday
flag (decorate) - (verb) become less intense - e.g.
flag (decorate) - (verb) the process of combustion of inflammable materials producing heat and light and (often) smoke - e.g. fire was one of our ancestors' first discoveries
flag (decorate) - (verb) shine with a sudden light - e.g. The night sky flared with the massive bombardment
flame (burn) - (verb) be in flames or aflame - e.g. The sky seemed to flame in the Hawaiian sunset
flame (chastise) - (verb) criticize harshly, usually via an electronic medium - e.g. the person who posted an inflammatory message got flamed
flamingo (wading bird) - (noun) large pink to scarlet web-footed wading bird with down-bent bill; inhabits brackish lakes - e.g.
flat (plain) - (noun) a level tract of land - e.g. the salt flats of Utah
flat (box) - (noun) a shallow box in which seedlings are started - e.g.
flat (musical notation) - (noun) a musical notation indicating one half step lower than the note named - e.g.
flat (freight car) - (noun) freight car without permanent sides or roof - e.g.
flat (pneumatic tire) - (noun) a deflated pneumatic tire - e.g.
flat (scenery) - (noun) scenery consisting of a wooden frame covered with painted canvas; part of a stage setting - e.g.
flat (scenery) - (noun) a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house - e.g.
flax (plant fiber) - (noun) fiber of the flax plant that is made into thread and woven into linen fabric - e.g.
flax (herb) - (noun) plant of the genus Linum that is cultivated for its seeds and for the fibers of its stem - e.g.
flight (formation) - (noun) a formation of aircraft in flight - e.g.
flight (air travel) - (noun) an instance of traveling by air - e.g. flying was still an exciting adventure for him
flight (stairway) - (noun) a stairway (set of steps) between one floor or landing and the next - e.g.
flight (stairway) - (noun) the act of escaping physically - e.g. he made his escape from the mental hospital
flight (air unit) - (noun) an air force unit smaller than a squadron - e.g.
flight (creativity) - (noun) passing above and beyond ordinary bounds - e.g. a flight of fancy
flight (creativity) - (noun) the path followed by an object moving through space - e.g.
flight (flock) - (noun) a flock of flying birds - e.g.
flight (trip) - (noun) a scheduled trip by plane between designated airports - e.g. I took the noon flight to Chicago
flight (shoot) - (verb) shoot a bird in flight - e.g.
flight (fly) - (verb) fly in a flock - e.g. flighting wild geese
flight (fly) - (verb) decorate with feathers - e.g. fledge an arrow
floor (horizontal surface) - (noun) the inside lower horizontal surface (as of a room, hallway, tent, or other structure) - e.g. they needed rugs to cover the bare floors
floor (structure) - (noun) a structure consisting of a room or set of rooms at a single position along a vertical scale - e.g. what level is the office on?
floor (control) - (noun) a lower limit - e.g. the government established a wage floor
floor (land) - (noun) the ground on which people and animals move about - e.g. the fire spared the forest floor
floor (surface) - (noun) the bottom surface of any lake or other body of water - e.g.
floor (surface) - (noun) the lower inside surface of any hollow structure - e.g. the floor of the pelvis
floor (gathering) - (noun) the occupants of a floor - e.g. the whole floor complained about the lack of heat
floor (right) - (noun) the parliamentary right to address an assembly - e.g. the chairman granted him the floor
floor (hall) - (noun) the legislative hall where members debate and vote and conduct other business - e.g. there was a motion from the floor
floor (room) - (noun) a large room in a exchange where the trading is done - e.g. he is a floor trader
floor (room) - (noun) surprise greatly; knock someone's socks off - e.g. I was floored when I heard that I was promoted
floor (room) - (noun) knock down with force - e.g. He decked his opponent
flounder (flatfish) - (noun) flesh of any of various American and European flatfish - e.g.
flounder (flatfish) - (noun) any of various European and non-European marine flatfish - e.g.
flounder (flatfish) - (noun) walk with great difficulty - e.g. He staggered along in the heavy snow
flounder (fight) - (verb) behave awkwardly; have difficulties - e.g. She is floundering in college
flour (foodstuff) - (noun) fine powdery foodstuff obtained by grinding and sifting the meal of a cereal grain - e.g.
flour (dredge) - (verb) cover with flour - e.g. flour fish or meat before frying it
flour (convert) - (verb) convert grain into flour - e.g.
flower (angiosperm) - (noun) a plant cultivated for its blooms or blossoms - e.g.
flower (reproductive structure) - (noun) reproductive organ of angiosperm plants especially one having showy or colorful parts - e.g.
flower (time period) - (noun) the period of greatest prosperity or productivity - e.g.
flower (time period) - (noun) produce or yield flowers - e.g. The cherry tree bloomed
fly (dipterous insect) - (noun) two-winged insects characterized by active flight - e.g.
fly (dipterous insect) - (noun) flap consisting of a piece of canvas that can be drawn back to provide entrance to a tent - e.g.
fly (opening) - (noun) an opening in a garment that is closed by a zipper or by buttons concealed under a fold of cloth - e.g.
fly (hit) - (noun) (baseball) a hit that flies up in the air - e.g.
fly (fisherman's lure) - (noun) fisherman's lure consisting of a fishhook decorated to look like an insect - e.g.
fly (travel) - (verb) travel through the air; be airborne - e.g. Man cannot fly
fly (move) - (verb) move quickly or suddenly - e.g. He flew about the place
fly (operate) - (verb) operate an airplane - e.g. The pilot flew to Cuba
fly (transport) - (verb) transport by aeroplane - e.g. We fly flowers from the Caribbean to North America
fly (transport) - (verb) soldiers who are regarded as expendable in the face of artillery fire - e.g.
fodder (feed) - (noun) coarse food (especially for livestock) composed of entire plants or the leaves and stalks of a cereal crop - e.g.
fodder (feed) - (verb) give fodder (to domesticated animals) - e.g.
fodder (feed) - (verb) soldiers who are regarded as expendable in the face of artillery fire - e.g.
fodder (feed) - (noun) coarse food (especially for livestock) composed of entire plants or the leaves and stalks of a cereal crop - e.g.
fodder (feed) - (verb) give fodder (to domesticated animals) - e.g.
fold (angular shape) - (noun) an angular or rounded shape made by folding - e.g. a fold in the napkin
fold (angular shape) - (noun) a group of people who adhere to a common faith and habitually attend a given church - e.g.
fold (geological process) - (noun) a geological process that causes a bend in a stratum of rock - e.g.
fold (geological process) - (noun) a group of sheep or goats - e.g.
fold (structure) - (noun) a folded part (as in skin or muscle) - e.g.
fold (pen) - (noun) a pen for sheep - e.g.
fold (change of shape) - (noun) the act of folding - e.g. he gave the napkins a double fold
fold (change surface) - (verb) bend or lay so that one part covers the other - e.g. fold up the newspaper
fold (integrate) - (verb) incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating - e.g. Fold the egg whites into the batter
fold (integrate) - (verb) cease to operate or cause to cease operating - e.g. The owners decided to move and to close the factory
fold (integrate) - (verb) confine in a fold, like sheep - e.g.
fold (change) - (verb) become folded or folded up - e.g. The bed folds in a jiffy
food (substance) - (noun) any substance that can be metabolized by an animal to give energy and build tissue - e.g.
food (solid) - (noun) any solid substance (as opposed to liquid) that is used as a source of nourishment - e.g. food and drink
food (content) - (noun) anything that provides mental stimulus for thinking - e.g.
foot (vertebrate foot) - (noun) the part of the leg of a human being below the ankle joint - e.g. his bare feet projected from his trousers
foot (linear unit) - (noun) a linear unit of length equal to 12 inches or a third of a yard - e.g. he is six feet tall
foot (bottom) - (noun) the lower part of anything - e.g. curled up on the foot of the bed
foot (bottom) - (noun) the pedal extremity of vertebrates other than human beings - e.g.
foot (bottom) - (noun) lowest support of a structure - e.g. it was built on a base of solid rock
foot (organ) - (noun) any of various organs of locomotion or attachment in invertebrates - e.g.
foot (walk) - (noun) travel by walking - e.g. he followed on foot
foot (secret agent) - (noun) a member of a surveillance team who works on foot or rides as a passenger - e.g.
foot (secret agent) - (noun) an army unit consisting of soldiers who fight on foot - e.g. there came ten thousand horsemen and as many fully-armed foot
foot (secret agent) - (noun) (prosody) a group of 2 or 3 syllables forming the basic unit of poetic rhythm - e.g.
foot (support) - (noun) a support resembling a pedal extremity - e.g. one foot of the chair was on the carpet
foot (pay) - (verb) pay for something - e.g. pick up the tab
foot (walk) - (verb) walk - e.g. let's hoof it to the disco
foot (add) - (verb) add a column of numbers - e.g.
force (influence) - (noun) a powerful effect or influence - e.g. the force of his eloquence easily persuaded them
force (physical phenomenon) - (noun) (physics) the influence that produces a change in a physical quantity - e.g. force equals mass times acceleration
force (intensity) - (noun) physical energy or intensity - e.g. he hit with all the force he could muster
force (organization) - (noun) group of people willing to obey orders - e.g. a public force is necessary to give security to the rights of citizens
force (organization) - (noun) a unit that is part of some military service - e.g. he sent Caesar a force of six thousand men
force (organization) - (noun) an act of aggression (as one against a person who resists) - e.g. he may accomplish by craft in the long run what he cannot do by force and violence in the short one
force (organization) - (noun) one possessing or exercising power or influence or authority - e.g. the mysterious presence of an evil power
force (social group) - (noun) a group of people having the power of effective action - e.g. he joined forces with a band of adventurers
force (social group) - (noun) (of a law) having legal validity - e.g. the law is still in effect
force (putout) - (noun) a putout of a base runner who is required to run; the putout is accomplished by holding the ball while touching the base to which the runner must advance before the runner reaches that base - e.g. the shortstop got the runner at second on a force
force (putout) - (noun) to cause to do through pressure or necessity, by physical, moral or intellectual means :"She forced him to take a job in the city" - e.g. He squeezed her for information
force (putout) - (noun) urge or force (a person) to an action; constrain or motivate - e.g.
force (putout) - (noun) move with force, "He pushed the table into a corner" - e.g.
force (compel) - (verb) impose urgently, importunately, or inexorably - e.g. She forced her diet fads on him
force (compel) - (verb) squeeze like a wedge into a tight space - e.g. I squeezed myself into the corner
force (thrust) - (verb) force into or from an action or state, either physically or metaphorically - e.g. She rammed her mind into focus
force (thrust) - (verb) cause to move by pulling - e.g. draw a wagon
force (act) - (verb) do forcibly; exert force - e.g. Don't force it!
force (act) - (verb) take by force - e.g. Storm the fort
fork (cutlery) - (noun) cutlery used for serving and eating food - e.g.
fork (cutlery) - (noun) the act of branching out or dividing into branches - e.g.
fork (branch) - (noun) the region of the angle formed by the junction of two branches - e.g. they took the south fork
fork (tool) - (noun) an agricultural tool used for lifting or digging; has a handle and metal prongs - e.g.
fork (tool) - (noun) the angle formed by the inner sides of the legs where they join the human trunk - e.g.
fork (tool) - (noun) lift with a pitchfork - e.g. pitchfork hay
fork (attack) - (verb) place under attack with one's own pieces, of two enemy pieces - e.g.
fork (attack) - (verb) divide into two or more branches so as to form a fork - e.g. The road forks
fork (shape) - (verb) shape like a fork - e.g. She forked her fingers
form (word) - (noun) the phonological or orthographic sound or appearance of a word that can be used to describe or identify something - e.g. the inflected forms of a word can be represented by a stem and a list of inflections to be attached
form (word) - (noun) a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality - e.g. sculpture is a form of art
form (structure) - (noun) a perceptual structure - e.g. the composition presents problems for students of musical form
form (structure) - (noun) any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline) - e.g. he could barely make out their shapes
form (structure) - (noun) alternative names for the body of a human being - e.g. Leonardo studied the human body
form (structure) - (noun) the spatial arrangement of something as distinct from its substance - e.g. geometry is the mathematical science of shape
form (appearance) - (noun) the visual appearance of something or someone - e.g. the delicate cast of his features
form (document) - (noun) a printed document with spaces in which to write - e.g. he filled out his tax form
form (taxonomic group) - (noun) (biology) a group of organisms within a species that differ in trivial ways from similar groups - e.g. a new strain of microorganisms
form (writing style) - (noun) an arrangement of the elements in a composition or discourse - e.g. the essay was in the form of a dialogue
form (manner) - (noun) a particular mode in which something is manifested - e.g. his resentment took the form of extreme hostility
form (manner) - (noun) (physical chemistry) a distinct state of matter in a system; matter that is identical in chemical composition and physical state and separated from other material by the phase boundary - e.g. the reaction occurs in the liquid phase of the system
form (manner) - (noun) a body of students who are taught together - e.g. early morning classes are always sleepy
form (ability) - (noun) an ability to perform well - e.g. he was at the top of his form
form (ability) - (noun) a life-size dummy used to display clothes - e.g.
form (mold) - (noun) a mold for setting concrete - e.g. they built elaborate forms for pouring the foundation
form (make) - (verb) create (as an entity) - e.g. social groups form everywhere
form (constitute) - (verb) to compose or represent:"This wall forms the background of the stage setting" - e.g. The branches made a roof
form (become) - (verb) develop into a distinctive entity - e.g. our plans began to take shape
form (become) - (verb) give shape or form to - e.g. shape the dough
form (become) - (verb) make something, usually for a specific function - e.g. She molded the rice balls carefully
form (become) - (verb) establish or impress firmly in the mind - e.g. We imprint our ideas onto our children
form (change) - (verb) assume a form or shape - e.g. the water formed little beads
forward (basketball player) - (noun) the person who plays the position of forward in certain games, such as basketball, soccer, or hockey - e.g.
forward (position) - (noun) a position on a basketball, soccer, or hockey team - e.g.
forward (transport) - (verb) send or ship onward from an intermediate post or station in transit - e.g. forward my mail
forward (transport) - (verb) a domesticated gallinaceous bird thought to be descended from the red jungle fowl - e.g.
forward (transport) - (verb) the flesh of a bird or fowl (wild or domestic) used as food - e.g.
fowl (hunt) - (verb) hunt fowl - e.g.
fowl (hunt) - (verb) hunt fowl in the forest - e.g.
frame (framework) - (noun) the framework for a pair of eyeglasses - e.g.
frame (photograph) - (noun) a single one of a series of still transparent pictures forming a cinema, television or video film - e.g.
frame (photograph) - (noun) alternative names for the body of a human being - e.g. Leonardo studied the human body
frame (photograph) - (noun) (baseball) one of nine divisions of play during which each team has a turn at bat - e.g.
frame (drawing) - (noun) a single drawing in a comic_strip - e.g.
frame (application) - (noun) an application that divides the user's display into two or more windows that can be scrolled independently - e.g.
frame (system) - (noun) a system of assumptions and standards that sanction behavior and give it meaning - e.g.
frame (system) - (noun) the hard structure (bones and cartilages) that provides a frame for the body of an animal - e.g.
frame (system) - (noun) the internal supporting structure that gives an artifact its shape - e.g. the building has a steel skeleton
frame (framework) - (noun) a framework that supports and protects a picture or a mirror - e.g. the frame enhances but is not itself the subject of attention
frame (part) - (noun) one of the ten divisions into which bowling is divided - e.g.
frame (enclose) - (verb) enclose in or as if in a frame - e.g. frame a picture
frame (enclose) - (verb) enclose in a frame, as of a picture - e.g.
frame (enclose) - (verb) take or catch as if in a snare or trap - e.g. I was set up!
frame (give voice) - (verb) formulate in a particular style or language - e.g. I wouldn't put it that way
frame (plan) - (verb) make up plans or basic details for - e.g. frame a policy
frame (construct) - (verb) construct by fitting or uniting parts together - e.g.
free (people) - (noun) people who are free - e.g. the home of the free and the brave
free (people) - (noun) do one's shopping at; do business with; be a customer or client of - e.g.
frequent (travel to) - (verb) be a regular or frequent visitor to a certain place - e.g. She haunts the ballet
friend (person) - (noun) a person you know well and regard with affection and trust - e.g. he was my best friend at the university
friend (person) - (noun) an associate who provides cooperation or assistance - e.g. he's a good ally in fight
friend (person) - (noun) a person with whom you are acquainted - e.g. I have trouble remembering the names of all my acquaintances
friend (person) - (noun) a person who backs a politician or a team etc. - e.g. all their supporters came out for the game
friend (christian) - (noun) a member of the Religious Society of Friends founded by George Fox (the Friends have never called themselves Quakers) - e.g.
frog (amphibian) - (noun) any of various tailless stout-bodied amphibians with long hind limbs for leaping; semiaquatic and terrestrial species - e.g.
frog (frenchman) - (noun) a person of French descent - e.g.
frog (adornment) - (noun) a decorative loop of braid or cord - e.g.
frog (capture) - (verb) hunt frogs for food - e.g.
front (side) - (noun) the side that is forward or prominent - e.g.
front (side) - (noun) the line along which opposing armies face each other - e.g.
front (appearance) - (noun) the outward appearance of a person - e.g. he put up a bold front
front (side) - (noun) the side that is seen or that goes first - e.g.
front (deceiver) - (noun) a person used as a cover for some questionable activity - e.g.
front (sphere) - (noun) a sphere of activity involving effort - e.g. the Japanese were active last week on the diplomatic front
front (atmospheric phenomenon) - (noun) (meteorology) the atmospheric phenomenon created at the boundary between two different air masses - e.g.
front (atmospheric phenomenon) - (noun) the immediate proximity of someone or something - e.g. she blushed in his presence
front (position) - (noun) the part of something that is nearest to the normal viewer - e.g. he walked to the front of the stage
front (position) - (noun) a group of people with a common ideology who try together to achieve certain general goals - e.g. he was a charter member of the movement
front (lie) - (verb) be oriented in a certain direction, often with respect to another reference point; be opposite to - e.g. The house looks north
front (confront) - (verb) confront bodily - e.g. breast the storm
fruit (reproductive structure) - (noun) the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant - e.g.
fruit (reproductive structure) - (noun) an amount of a product - e.g.
fruit (consequence) - (noun) the consequence of some effort or action - e.g. he lived long enough to see the fruit of his policies
full (phase of the moon) - (noun) the time when the Moon is fully illuminated - e.g. the moon is at the full
full (beat) - (verb) beat for the purpose of cleaning and thickening - e.g. full the cloth
full (change) - (verb) make (a garment) fuller by pleating or gathering - e.g.
full (change) - (verb) increase in phase - e.g. the moon is waxing
fungus (organism) - (noun) an organism of the kingdom Fungi lacking chlorophyll and feeding on organic matter; ranging from unicellular or multicellular organisms to spore-bearing syncytia - e.g.
future (time) - (noun) the time yet to come - e.g.
future (tense) - (noun) a verb tense that expresses actions or states in the future - e.g.
future (commodity) - (noun) bulk commodities bought or sold at an agreed price for delivery at a specified future date - e.g.
game (activity) - (noun) a contest with rules to determine a winner - e.g. you need four people to play this game
game (contest) - (noun) a single play of a sport or other contest - e.g. the game lasted two hours
game (diversion) - (noun) an amusement or pastime - e.g. they played word games
game (animal) - (noun) animal hunted for food or sport - e.g.
game (part) - (noun) (tennis) a division of play during which one player serves - e.g.
game (score) - (noun) (games) the score at a particular point or the score needed to win - e.g. the game is 6 all
game (meat) - (noun) the flesh of wild animals that is used for food - e.g.
game (meat) - (noun) a secret scheme to do something (especially something underhand or illegal) - e.g. they concocted a plot to discredit the governor
game (game equipment) - (noun) the game equipment needed in order to play a particular game - e.g. the child received several games for his birthday
game (occupation) - (noun) your occupation or line of work - e.g. he's in the plumbing game
game (play) - (noun) frivolous or trifling behavior - e.g. for actors, memorizing lines is no game
game (play) - (noun) place a bet on - e.g. Which horse are you backing?
game (play) - (noun) disabled in the feet or legs - e.g. a crippled soldier
garden (plot) - (noun) a plot of ground where plants are cultivated - e.g.
garden (vegetation) - (noun) the flowers or vegetables or fruits or herbs that are cultivated in a garden - e.g.
garden (yard) - (noun) a yard or lawn adjoining a house - e.g.
garden (tend) - (verb) work in the garden - e.g. My hobby is gardening
garlic (alliaceous plant) - (noun) bulbous herb of southern Europe widely naturalized; bulb breaks up into separate strong-flavored cloves - e.g.
garlic (flavorer) - (noun) aromatic bulb used as seasoning - e.g.
gelatin (scleroprotein) - (noun) a colorless water-soluble glutinous protein obtained from animal tissues such as bone and skin - e.g.
gelatin (dainty) - (noun) an edible jelly (sweet or pungent) made with gelatin and used as a dessert or salad base or a coating for foods - e.g.
gelatin (membrane) - (noun) a thin translucent membrane used over stage lights for color effects - e.g.
general (general officer) - (noun) a general officer of the highest rank - e.g.
general (head) - (noun) the head of a religious order or congregation - e.g.
general (fact) - (noun) a fact about the whole (as opposed to particular) - e.g. he discussed the general but neglected the particular
general (command) - (verb) command as a general - e.g. We are generaled by an incompetent!
general (command) - (verb) anything that provides inspiration for later work - e.g.
germ (structure) - (noun) a small apparently simple structure (as a fertilized egg) from which new tissue can develop into a complete organism - e.g.
germ (structure) - (noun) a minute life form (especially a disease-causing bacterium); the term is not in technical use - e.g.
get (return) - (noun) a return on a shot that seemed impossible to reach and would normally have resulted in a point for the opponent - e.g.
giraffe (ruminant) - (noun) tallest living quadruped; having a spotted coat and small horns and very long neck and legs; of savannahs of tropical Africa - e.g.
girl (woman) - (noun) a young woman - e.g. a young lady of 18
girl (woman) - (noun) a youthful female person - e.g. the baby was a girl
girl (woman) - (noun) a female human offspring - e.g. her daughter cared for her in her old age
girl (woman) - (noun) a girl or young woman with whom a man is romantically involved - e.g. his girlfriend kicked him out
girl (woman) - (noun) a friendly informal reference to a grown woman - e.g. Mrs. Smith was just one of the girls
give (elasticity) - (noun) the elasticity of something that can be stretched and returns to its original length - e.g.
glass (solid) - (noun) a brittle transparent solid with irregular atomic structure - e.g.
glass (container) - (noun) a container for holding liquids while drinking - e.g.
glass (containerful) - (noun) the quantity a glass will hold - e.g.
glass (containerful) - (noun) a small refracting telescope - e.g.
glass (containerful) - (noun) an amphetamine derivative (trade name Methedrine) used in the form of a crystalline hydrochloride; used as a stimulant to the nervous system and as an appetite suppressant - e.g.
glass (containerful) - (noun) a mirror; usually a ladies' dressing mirror - e.g.
glass (glassware) - (noun) glassware collectively - e.g. She collected old glass
glass (supply) - (verb) furnish with glass - e.g. glass the windows
glass (scan) - (verb) scan (game in the forest) with binoculars - e.g.
glass (enclose) - (verb) enclose with glass - e.g. glass in a porch
glass (insert) - (verb) put in a glass container - e.g.
glass (insert) - (verb) become glassy or take on a glass-like appearance - e.g. Her eyes glaze over when she is bored
glass (insert) - (verb) the handwear used by fielders in playing baseball - e.g.
glove (handwear) - (noun) handwear: covers the hand and wrist - e.g.
glove (handwear) - (noun) boxing equipment consisting of big and padded coverings for the fists of the fighters; worn for the sport of boxing - e.g.
go (shift) - (noun) a time for working (after which you will be relieved by someone else) - e.g. it's my go
go (shift) - (noun) street names for methylenedioxymethamphetamine - e.g.
go (shift) - (noun) a usually brief attempt - e.g. he took a crack at it
go (board game) - (noun) a board game for two players who place counters on a grid; the object is to surround and so capture the opponent's counters - e.g.
go (board game) - (noun) change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically - e.g. How fast does your new car go?
go (act) - (verb) follow a procedure or take a course - e.g. We should go farther in this matter
go (exit) - (verb) move away from a place into another direction - e.g. Go away before I start to cry
go (exit) - (verb) enter or assume a certain state or condition - e.g. He became annoyed when he heard the bad news
goat (bovid) - (noun) any of numerous agile ruminants related to sheep but having a beard and straight horns - e.g.
goat (bovid) - (noun) a victim of ridicule or pranks - e.g.
goat (bovid) - (noun) (astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Capricorn - e.g.
goat (bovid) - (noun) the tenth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about December 22 to January 19 - e.g.
gold (precious metal) - (noun) coins made of gold - e.g.
gold (precious metal) - (noun) a deep yellow color - e.g. an amber light illuminated the room
gold (noble metal) - (noun) a soft yellow malleable ductile (trivalent and univalent) metallic element; occurs mainly as nuggets in rocks and alluvial deposits; does not react with most chemicals but is attacked by ch... - e.g.
gold (wealth) - (noun) great wealth - e.g. Whilst that for which all virtue now is sold, and almost every vice--almighty gold"--Ben Jonson
gold (invaluableness) - (noun) something likened to the metal in brightness or preciousness or superiority etc. - e.g. the child was as good as gold
good (advantage) - (noun) benefit - e.g. for your own good
good (morality) - (noun) moral excellence or admirableness - e.g. there is much good to be found in people
good (quality) - (noun) that which is pleasing or valuable or useful - e.g. weigh the good against the bad
good (quality) - (noun) articles of commerce - e.g.
good (quality) - (noun) a zealously energetic person (especially a salesman) - e.g.
good (quality) - (noun) a native or resident of Minnesota - e.g.
good (quality) - (noun) any of various terrestrial burrowing rodents of Old and New Worlds; often destroy crops - e.g.
gopher (pocket rat) - (noun) burrowing rodent of the family Geomyidae having large external cheek pouches; of Central America and southwestern North America - e.g.
gopher (tortoise) - (noun) burrowing edible land tortoise of southeastern North America - e.g.
gorilla (great ape) - (noun) largest anthropoid ape; terrestrial and vegetarian; of forests of central west Africa - e.g.
government (polity) - (noun) the organization that is the governing authority of a political unit - e.g. the government reduced taxes
government (social control) - (noun) the act of governing; exercising authority - e.g. regulations for the governing of state prisons
government (system) - (noun) (government) the system or form by which a community or other political unit is governed - e.g. tyrannical government
government (system) - (noun) the study of government of states and other political units - e.g.
grain (atom) - (noun) a relatively small granular particle of a substance - e.g. a grain of sand
grain (foodstuff) - (noun) foodstuff prepared from the starchy grains of cereal grasses - e.g.
grain (leather) - (noun) the side of leather from which the hair has been removed - e.g.
grain (metric weight unit) - (noun) a weight unit used for pearls or diamonds: 50 mg or 1/4 carat - e.g.
grain (troy unit) - (noun) 1/60 dram; equals an avoirdupois grain or 64.799 milligrams - e.g.
grain (avoirdupois unit) - (noun) 1/7000 pound; equals a troy grain or 64.799 milligrams - e.g.
grain (seed) - (noun) dry seed-like fruit produced by the cereal grasses: e.g. wheat, barley, Indian corn - e.g.
grain (cereal) - (noun) a cereal grass - e.g. wheat is a grain that is grown in Kansas
grain (smallness) - (noun) the smallest possible unit of anything - e.g. there was a grain of truth in what he said
grain (texture) - (noun) the direction, texture, or pattern of fibers found in wood or leather or stone or in a woven fabric - e.g. saw the board across the grain
grain (texture) - (noun) the physical composition of something (especially with respect to the size and shape of the small constituents of a substance) - e.g. breadfruit has the same texture as bread
grain (texture) - (noun) thoroughly work in - e.g. His hands were grained with dirt
grain (paint) - (verb) paint (a surface) to make it look like stone or wood - e.g.
grain (paint) - (verb) form into grains - e.g.
grain (paint) - (verb) become granular - e.g.
granola (cold cereal) - (noun) cereal made of especially rolled oats with dried fruits and nuts and honey or brown sugar - e.g.
grass (gramineous plant) - (noun) narrow-leaved green herbage: grown as lawns; used as pasture for grazing animals; cut and dried as hay - e.g.
grasshopper (orthopterous insect) - (noun) terrestrial plant-eating insect with hind legs adapted for leaping - e.g.
grasshopper (cocktail) - (noun) a cocktail made of creme de menthe and cream (sometimes with creme de cacao) - e.g.
gray (achromatic color) - (noun) a neutral achromatic color midway between white and black - e.g.
gray (achromatic color) - (noun) clothing that is a grey color - e.g. he was dressed in grey
gray (achromatic color) - (noun) any organization or party whose uniforms or badges are grey - e.g. the Confederate army was a vast grey
gray (achromatic color) - (noun) horse of a light gray or whitish color - e.g.
gray (radioactivity unit) - (noun) the SI unit of energy absorbed from ionizing radiation; equal to the absorption of one joule of radiation energy by one kilogram of matter; one gray equals 100 rad - e.g.
gray (radiobiologist) - (noun) English radiobiologist in whose honor the gray (the SI unit of energy for the absorbed dose of radiation) was named (1905-1965) - e.g.
great (achiever) - (noun) a person who has achieved distinction and honor in some field - e.g. he is one of the greats of American music
green (chromatic color) - (noun) green color or pigment; resembling the color of growing grass - e.g.
green (chromatic color) - (noun) a piece of open land for recreational use in an urban area - e.g. they went for a walk in the park
grey (chromatic color) - (noun) the act of grasping - e.g. he released his clasp on my arm
grey (chromatic color) - (noun) the appendage to an object that is designed to be held in order to use or move it - e.g. he grabbed the hammer by the handle
grey (chromatic color) - (noun) a portable rectangular container for carrying clothes - e.g. he carried his small bag onto the plane with him
grip (friction) - (noun) the friction between a body and the surface on which it moves (as between an automobile tire and the road) - e.g.
grip (skilled worker) - (noun) worker who moves the camera around while a film or television show is being made - e.g.
grip (influence) - (noun) an intellectual hold or understanding - e.g. a good grip on French history
grip (influence) - (noun) a flat wire hairpin whose prongs press tightly together; used to hold bobbed hair in place - e.g. in Britain they call a bobby pin a grip
grip (seize) - (verb) hold fast or firmly - e.g. He gripped the steering wheel
grip (seize) - (verb) to grip or seize, as in a wrestling match - e.g. the two men grappled with each other for several minutes
grip (seize) - (verb) to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe - e.g. The snake charmer fascinates the cobra
group (abstraction) - (noun) any number of entities (members) considered as a unit - e.g.
group (unit) - (noun) (chemistry) two or more atoms bound together as a single unit and forming part of a molecule - e.g.
group (set) - (noun) a set that is closed, associative, has an identity element and every element has an inverse - e.g.
group (classify) - (verb) arrange into a group or groups - e.g. Can you group these shapes together?
group (meet) - (verb) form a group or group together - e.g.
growth (organic process) - (noun) (biology) the process of an individual organism growing organically; a purely biological unfolding of events involved in an organism changing gradually from a simple to a more complex level - e.g. he proposed an indicator of osseous development in children
growth (development) - (noun) a progression from simpler to more complex forms - e.g. the growth of culture
growth (development) - (noun) a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important - e.g. the increase in unemployment
growth (vegetation) - (noun) vegetation that has grown - e.g. a growth of trees
growth (vegetation) - (noun) the gradual beginning or coming forth - e.g. figurines presage the emergence of sculpture in Greece
growth (illness) - (noun) (pathology) an abnormal proliferation of tissue (as in a tumor) - e.g.
growth (object) - (noun) something grown or growing - e.g. a growth of hair
growth (object) - (noun) someone employed to conduct others - e.g.
guide (leader) - (noun) someone who shows the way by leading or advising - e.g.
guide (handbook) - (noun) something that offers basic information or instruction - e.g.
guide (handbook) - (noun) a model or standard for making comparisons - e.g.
guide (handbook) - (noun) someone who can find paths through unexplored territory - e.g.
guide (structure) - (noun) a structure or marking that serves to direct the motion or positioning of something - e.g.
guide (structure) - (noun) direct the course; determine the direction of travelling - e.g.
guide (structure) - (noun) take somebody somewhere - e.g. We lead him to our chief
guide (direct) - (verb) be a guiding or motivating force or drive - e.g. The teacher steered the gifted students towards the more challenging courses
guide (orient) - (verb) use as a guide - e.g. They had the lights to guide on
guide (orient) - (verb) a person who is gullible and easy to take advantage of - e.g.
gull (larid) - (noun) mostly white aquatic bird having long pointed wings and short legs - e.g.
gull (larid) - (noun) make a fool or dupe of - e.g.
gull (deceive) - (verb) fool or hoax - e.g. The immigrant was duped because he trusted everyone
gun (weapon) - (noun) a weapon that discharges a missile at high velocity (especially from a metal tube or barrel) - e.g.
gun (weapon) - (noun) large but transportable armament - e.g.
gun (shot) - (noun) a person who shoots a gun (as regards their ability) - e.g.
gun (murderer) - (noun) a professional killer who uses a gun - e.g.
gun (murderer) - (noun) a hand-operated pump that resembles a revolver; forces grease into parts of a machine - e.g.
gun (murderer) - (noun) a pedal that controls the throttle valve - e.g. he stepped on the gas
gun (discharge) - (noun) the discharge of a firearm as signal or as a salute in military ceremonies - e.g. two runners started before the gun
gun (blast) - (verb) shoot with a gun - e.g.
haddock (fish) - (noun) lean white flesh of fish similar to but smaller than cod; usually baked or poached or as fillets sauteed or fried - e.g.
haddock (gadoid) - (noun) important food fish on both sides of the Atlantic; related to cod but usually smaller - e.g.
hair (body covering) - (noun) a covering for the body (or parts of it) consisting of a dense growth of threadlike structures (as on the human head); helps to prevent heat loss - e.g. he combed his hair
hair (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) a very small distance or space - e.g. they escaped by a hair's-breadth
hair (plant process) - (noun) filamentous hairlike growth on a plant - e.g. peach fuzz
hair (filament) - (noun) any of the cylindrical filaments characteristically growing from the epidermis of a mammal - e.g. there is a hair in my soup
hair (fabric) - (noun) cloth woven from horsehair or camelhair; used for upholstery or stiffening in garments - e.g.
hair (process) - (noun) a filamentous projection or process on an organism - e.g.
halibut (flatfish) - (noun) lean flesh of very large flatfish of Atlantic or Pacific - e.g.
halibut (flatfish) - (noun) marine food fish of the northern Atlantic or northern Pacific; the largest flatfish and one of the largest teleost fishes - e.g.
hammer (striker) - (noun) the part of a gunlock that strikes the percussion cap when the trigger is pulled - e.g.
hammer (hand tool) - (noun) a hand tool with a heavy rigid head and a handle; used to deliver an impulsive force by striking - e.g.
hammer (hand tool) - (noun) the ossicle attached to the eardrum - e.g.
hammer (hand tool) - (noun) a light drumstick with a rounded head that is used to strike such percussion instruments as chimes, kettledrums, marimbas, glockenspiels, etc. - e.g.
hammer (sports equipment) - (noun) a heavy metal sphere attached to a flexible wire; used in the hammer throw - e.g.
hammer (striker) - (noun) a striker that is covered in felt and that causes the piano strings to vibrate - e.g.
hammer (power tool) - (noun) a power tool for drilling rocks - e.g.
hammer (blow) - (noun) the act of pounding (delivering repeated heavy blows) - e.g. the sudden hammer of fists caught him off guard
hammer (beat) - (verb) beat with or as if with a hammer - e.g. hammer the metal flat
hammer (beat) - (verb) create by hammering - e.g. hammer the silver into a bowl
hand (extremity) - (noun) the (prehensile) extremity of the superior limb - e.g. he had the hands of a surgeon
hand (extremity) - (noun) a hired laborer on a farm or ranch - e.g. the hired hand fixed the railing
hand (writing) - (noun) something written by hand - e.g. she recognized his handwriting
hand (ability) - (noun) ability - e.g. he wanted to try his hand at singing
hand (side) - (noun) a position given by its location to the side of an object - e.g. objections were voiced on every hand
hand (collection) - (noun) the cards held in a card game by a given player at any given time - e.g. I didn't hold a good hand all evening
hand (side) - (noun) one of two sides of an issue - e.g. on the one hand..., but on the other hand...
hand (pointer) - (noun) a rotating pointer on the face of a timepiece - e.g. the big hand counts the minutes
hand (handbreadth) - (noun) a unit of length equal to 4 inches; used in measuring horses - e.g. the horse stood 20 hands
hand (sailor) - (noun) a member of the crew of a ship - e.g. all hands on deck
hand (sailor) - (noun) a card player in a game of bridge - e.g. we need a 4th hand for bridge
hand (applause) - (noun) a round of applause to signify approval - e.g. give the little lady a great big hand
hand (forepaw) - (noun) terminal part of the forelimb in certain vertebrates (e.g. apes or kangaroos) - e.g. the kangaroo's forearms seem undeveloped but the powerful five-fingered hands are skilled at feinting and clouting"- Springfield (Mass.) Union
hand (aid) - (noun) physical assistance - e.g. give me a hand with the chores
hand (aid) - (noun) place into the hands or custody of - e.g. hand me the spoon, please
hand (lead) - (verb) guide or conduct or usher somewhere - e.g. hand the elderly lady into the taxi
hanging (decoration) - (noun) decoration that is hung (as a tapestry) on a wall or over a window - e.g. the cold castle walls were covered with hangings
hanging (execution) - (noun) a form of capital punishment; victim is suspended by the neck from a gallows or gibbet until dead - e.g. in those days the hanging of criminals was a public entertainment
hanging (execution) - (noun) the act of suspending something (hanging it from above so it moves freely) - e.g. there was a small ceremony for the hanging of the portrait
hanging (execution) - (noun) be suspended or hanging - e.g. The flag hung on the wall
hanging (execution) - (noun) cause to be hanging or suspended - e.g. Hang that picture on the wall
hanging (execution) - (noun) kill by hanging - e.g. The murderer was hanged on Friday
hanging (execution) - (noun) let drop or droop - e.g. Hang one's head in shame
hanging (execution) - (noun) fall or flow in a certain way - e.g. This dress hangs well
hanging (execution) - (noun) be menacing, burdensome, or oppressive - e.g. This worry hangs on my mind
hanging (execution) - (noun) give heed (to) - e.g. The children in the audience attended the recital quietly
hanging (execution) - (noun) be suspended or poised - e.g. Heavy fog hung over the valley
hanging (execution) - (noun) hold on tightly or tenaciously - e.g. hang on to your father's hands
hanging (execution) - (noun) be exhibited - e.g. Picasso hangs in this new wing of the museum
hanging (execution) - (noun) prevent from reaching a verdict, of a jury - e.g.
hanging (execution) - (noun) decorate or furnish with something suspended - e.g. Hang wallpaper
hanging (execution) - (noun) be placed in position as by a hinge - e.g. This cabinet door doesn't hang right!
hanging (execution) - (noun) place in position as by a hinge so as to allow free movement in one direction - e.g. hang a door
hanging (execution) - (noun) suspend (meat) in order to get a gamey taste - e.g. hang the venison for a few days
happy (execution) - (noun) a sheltered port where ships can take on or discharge cargo - e.g.
harbor (refuge) - (noun) a place of refuge and comfort and security - e.g.
harbor (feel) - (verb) maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings) - e.g. bear a grudge
harbor (shelter) - (verb) secretly shelter (as of fugitives or criminals) - e.g.
harbor (keep) - (verb) keep in one's possession; of animals - e.g.
harbor (hide) - (verb) hold back a thought or feeling about - e.g. She is harboring a grudge against him
harbor (hide) - (verb) not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure - e.g. a difficult task
harmony (compatibility) - (noun) compatibility in opinion and action - e.g.
harmony (music) - (noun) the structure of music with respect to the composition and progression of chords - e.g.
harmony (order) - (noun) a harmonious state of things in general and of their properties (as of colors and sounds); congruity of parts with one another and with the whole - e.g.
harmony (agreement) - (noun) agreement of opinions - e.g.
harmony (sound property) - (noun) an agreeable sound property - e.g.
hat (headdress) - (noun) headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usually a brim - e.g.
hat (function) - (noun) an informal term for a person's role - e.g. he took off his politician's hat and talked frankly
hat (wear) - (verb) put on or wear a hat - e.g. He was unsuitably hatted
hat (supply) - (verb) furnish with a hat - e.g.
hate (emotion) - (noun) the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demands action - e.g.
hate (dislike) - (verb) dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards - e.g. I hate Mexican food
hate (dislike) - (verb) a person who possesses great material wealth - e.g.
hay (fodder) - (noun) grass mowed and cured for use as fodder - e.g.
hay (convert) - (verb) convert (plant material) into hay - e.g.
he (chemical element) - (noun) a very light colorless element that is one of the six inert gasses; the most difficult gas to liquefy; occurs in economically extractable amounts in certain natural gases (as those found in... - e.g.
he (letter) - (noun) the 5th letter of the Hebrew alphabet - e.g.
head (external body part) - (noun) the upper part of the human body or the front part of the body in animals; contains the face and brains - e.g. he stuck his head out the window
head (domestic animal) - (noun) a single domestic animal - e.g. 200 head of cattle
head (domestic animal) - (noun) that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason - e.g. his mind wandered
head (leader) - (noun) a person who is in charge - e.g. the head of the whole operation
head (formation) - (noun) the front of a military formation or procession - e.g. the head of the column advanced boldly
head (pressure) - (noun) the pressure exerted by a fluid - e.g. a head of steam
head (top) - (noun) the top of something - e.g. the head of the stairs
head (top) - (noun) the source of water from which a stream arises - e.g. they tracked him back toward the head of the stream
head (word) - (noun) (grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent - e.g.
head (point) - (noun) the tip of an abscess (where the pus accumulates) - e.g.
head (linear unit) - (noun) the length or height based on the size of a human or animal head - e.g. he is two heads taller than his little sister
head (linear unit) - (noun) a dense cluster of flowers or foliage - e.g. a head of cauliflower
head (linear unit) - (noun) the educator who has executive authority for a school - e.g. she sent unruly pupils to see the principal
head (individual) - (noun) an individual person - e.g. tickets are $5 per head
head (drug user) - (noun) a user of (usually soft) drugs - e.g. the office was full of secret heads
head (drug user) - (noun) a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea) - e.g.
head (object) - (noun) a rounded compact mass - e.g. the head of a comet
head (foam) - (noun) the foam or froth that accumulates at the top when you pour an effervescent liquid into a container - e.g. the beer had a large head of foam
head (foam) - (noun) the part in the front or nearest the viewer - e.g. he was in the forefront
head (foam) - (noun) a difficult juncture - e.g. a pretty pass
head (progress) - (noun) forward movement - e.g. the ship made little headway against the gale
head (progress) - (noun) a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer - e.g. the point of the arrow was due north
head (progress) - (noun) the subject matter at issue - e.g. the question of disease merits serious discussion
head (line) - (noun) a line of text serving to indicate what the passage below it is about - e.g. the heading seemed to have little to do with the text
head (structure) - (noun) the rounded end of a bone that fits into a rounded cavity in another bone to form a joint - e.g. the head of the humerus
head (structure) - (noun) that part of a skeletal muscle that is away from the bone that it moves - e.g.
head (structure) - (noun) (computer science) a tiny electromagnetic coil and metal pole used to write and read magnetic patterns on a disk - e.g.
head (obverse) - (noun) (usually plural) the obverse side of a coin that usually bears the representation of a person's head - e.g. call heads or tails!
head (striker) - (noun) the striking part of a tool - e.g. the head of the hammer
head (toilet) - (noun) (nautical) a toilet on board a boat or ship - e.g.
head (projection) - (noun) a projection out from one end - e.g. the head of the nail", "a pinhead is the head of a pin
head (projection) - (noun) a membrane that is stretched taut over a drum - e.g.
head (projection) - (noun) oral stimulation of the genitals - e.g. they say he gives good head
head (proceed) - (verb) to go or travel towards - e.g. where is she heading
head (direct) - (verb) be in charge of - e.g. Who is heading this project?
head (direct) - (verb) travel in front of; go in advance of others - e.g. The procession was headed by John
head (be) - (verb) be the first or leading member of (a group) and excel - e.g. This student heads the class
head (be) - (verb) direct the course; determine the direction of travelling - e.g.
head (originate) - (verb) take its rise - e.g. These rivers head from a mountain range in the Himalayas
head (lie) - (verb) be in the front of or on top of - e.g. The list was headed by the name of the president
head (form) - (verb) form a head or come or grow to a head - e.g. The wheat headed early this year
head (remove) - (verb) remove the head of - e.g. head the fish
hearing (proceeding) - (noun) (law) a proceeding (usually by a court) where evidence is taken for the purpose of determining an issue of fact and reaching a decision based on that evidence - e.g.
hearing (opportunity) - (noun) an opportunity to state your case and be heard - e.g. they condemned him without a hearing
hearing (opportunity) - (noun) the range within which a voice can be heard - e.g. the children were told to stay within earshot
hearing (opportunity) - (noun) the act of hearing attentively - e.g. you can learn a lot by just listening
hearing (session) - (noun) a session (of a committee or grand jury) in which witnesses are called and testimony is taken - e.g. the investigative committee will hold hearings in Chicago
hearing (modality) - (noun) the ability to hear; the auditory faculty - e.g. his hearing was impaired
hearing (modality) - (noun) perceive (sound) via the auditory sense - e.g.
hearing (modality) - (noun) get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally - e.g. I learned that she has two grown-up children
hearing (modality) - (noun) examine or hear (evidence or a case) by judicial process - e.g. The jury had heard all the evidence
hearing (modality) - (noun) receive a communication from someone - e.g. We heard nothing from our son for five years
hearing (modality) - (noun) listen and pay attention - e.g. Listen to your father
heart (intuition) - (noun) the locus of feelings and intuitions - e.g. in your heart you know it is true
heart (internal organ) - (noun) the hollow muscular organ located behind the sternum and between the lungs; its rhythmic contractions move the blood through the body - e.g. he stood still, his heart thumping wildly
heart (courage) - (noun) the courage to carry on - e.g. he kept fighting on pure spunk
heart (courage) - (noun) an area that is approximately central within some larger region - e.g. it is in the center of town
heart (courage) - (noun) the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience - e.g. the gist of the prosecutor's argument
heart (disposition) - (noun) an inclination or tendency of a certain kind - e.g. he had a change of heart
heart (plane figure) - (noun) a plane figure with rounded sides curving inward at the top and intersecting at the bottom; conventionally used on playing cards and valentines - e.g. he drew a heart and called it a valentine
heart (variety meat) - (noun) a firm rather dry variety meat (usually beef or veal) - e.g. a five-pound beef heart will serve six
heart (variety meat) - (noun) a positive feeling of liking - e.g. he had trouble expressing the affection he felt
heart (playing card) - (noun) a playing card in the major suit that has one or more red hearts on it - e.g. he led the queen of hearts
heat (energy) - (noun) a form of energy that is transferred by a difference in temperature - e.g.
heat (energy) - (noun) the presence of heat - e.g.
heat (temperature) - (noun) the sensation caused by heat energy - e.g.
heat (emotionality) - (noun) the trait of being intensely emotional - e.g.
heat (emotionality) - (noun) applies to nonhuman mammals: a state or period of heightened sexual arousal and activity - e.g.
heat (race) - (noun) a preliminary race in which the winner advances to a more important race - e.g.
heat (utility) - (noun) utility to warm a building - e.g. the heating system wasn't working
heat (change) - (verb) make hot or hotter - e.g. the sun heats the oceans
heat (supply) - (verb) provide with heat - e.g. heat the house
heat (supply) - (verb) arouse or excite feelings and passions - e.g. The ostentatious way of living of the rich ignites the hatred of the poor
heat (change state) - (verb) gain heat or get hot - e.g. The room heated up quickly
heat (change state) - (verb) the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose - e.g. he gave me an assist with the housework
heat (change state) - (verb) a person who contributes to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose - e.g. my invaluable assistant
heat (change state) - (verb) a resource - e.g. visual aids in teaching
heat (change state) - (verb) a means of serving - e.g. of no avail
help (support) - (verb) give help or assistance; be of service - e.g. Everyone helped out during the earthquake
help (better) - (verb) improve the condition of - e.g. These pills will help the patient
help (serve) - (verb) be of use - e.g. This will help to prevent accidents
help (refrain) - (verb) abstain from doing; always used with a negative - e.g. I can't help myself--I have to smoke
help (refrain) - (verb) help to some food; help with food or drink - e.g. I served him three times, and after that he helped himself
help (promote) - (verb) contribute to the furtherance of - e.g. This money will help the development of literacy in developing countries
help (promote) - (verb) take or use - e.g. She helped herself to some of the office supplies
help (better) - (verb) improve; change for the better - e.g. New slipcovers will help the old living room furniture
herb (vascular plant) - (noun) a plant lacking a permanent woody stem; many are flowering garden plants or potherbs; some having medicinal properties; some are pests - e.g.
herb (flavorer) - (noun) aromatic potherb used in cookery for its savory qualities - e.g.
here (location) - (noun) the present location; this place - e.g. where do we go from here?
here (location) - (noun) queen of the Olympian gods in ancient Greek mythology; sister and wife of Zeus remembered for her jealously of the many mortal women Zeus fell in love with; identified with Roman Juno - e.g.
high (degree) - (noun) a lofty level or position or degree - e.g. summer temperatures reached an all-time high
high (air mass) - (noun) an air mass of higher than normal pressure - e.g. the east coast benefits from a Bermuda high
high (elation) - (noun) a state of sustained elation - e.g. I'm on a permanent high these days
high (elation) - (noun) a state of altered consciousness induced by alcohol or narcotics - e.g. they took drugs to get a high on
high (topographic point) - (noun) a high place - e.g. they stood on high and observed the countryside
high (topographic point) - (noun) a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12 - e.g. he goes to the neighborhood highschool
high (gear) - (noun) a forward gear with a gear ratio that gives the greatest vehicle velocity for a given engine speed - e.g.
hippopotamus (even-toed ungulate) - (noun) massive thick-skinned herbivorous animal living in or around rivers of tropical Africa - e.g.
history (past) - (noun) the aggregate of past events - e.g. a critical time in the school's history
history (record) - (noun) a record or narrative description of past events - e.g. a history of France
history (humanistic discipline) - (noun) the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings - e.g. he teaches Medieval history
history (continuum) - (noun) the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future - e.g. all of human history
history (cognition) - (noun) all that is remembered of the past as preserved in writing; a body of knowledge - e.g. the dawn of recorded history
hole (opening) - (noun) an opening into or through something - e.g.
hole (opening) - (noun) an opening deliberately made in or through something - e.g.
hole (playing period) - (noun) one playing period (from tee to green) on a golf course - e.g. he played 18 holes
hole (space) - (noun) an unoccupied space - e.g.
hole (natural depression) - (noun) a depression hollowed out of solid matter - e.g.
hole (defect) - (noun) a fault - e.g. he shot holes in my argument
hole (defect) - (noun) informal terms for a difficult situation - e.g. he got into a terrible fix
hole (defect) - (noun) informal terms for the mouth - e.g.
hole (hit) - (verb) hit the ball into the hole - e.g.
hole (hollow) - (verb) make holes in - e.g.
hollow (cavity) - (noun) a cavity or space in something - e.g. hunger had caused the hollows in their cheeks
hollow (valley) - (noun) a small valley between mountains - e.g. he built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Appalachians
hollow (valley) - (noun) a depression hollowed out of solid matter - e.g.
hollow (valley) - (noun) remove the inner part or the core of - e.g. the mining company wants to excavate the hillside
hollow (empty) - (verb) remove the interior of - e.g. hollow out a tree trunk
honey (sweetening) - (noun) a sweet yellow liquid produced by bees - e.g.
honey (sweetening) - (noun) a beloved person; used as terms of endearment - e.g.
honey (sweeten) - (verb) sweeten with honey - e.g.
hook (catch) - (noun) a catch for locking a door - e.g.
hook (curve) - (noun) a sharp curve or crook; a shape resembling a hook - e.g.
hook (curve) - (noun) anything that serves as an enticement - e.g.
hook (mechanical device) - (noun) a mechanical device that is curved or bent to suspend or hold or pull something - e.g.
hook (implement) - (noun) a curved or bent implement for suspending or pulling something - e.g.
hook (golf stroke) - (noun) a golf shot that curves to the left for a right-handed golfer - e.g. he took lessons to cure his hooking
hook (punch) - (noun) a short swinging punch delivered from the side with the elbow bent - e.g.
hook (basketball shot) - (noun) a basketball shot made over the head with the hand that is farther from the basket - e.g.
hook (fasten) - (verb) fasten with a hook - e.g.
hook (fasten) - (verb) rip off; ask an unreasonable price - e.g.
hook (fasten) - (verb) make a piece of needlework by interlocking and looping thread with a hooked needle - e.g. She sat there crocheting all day
hook (hit) - (verb) hit a ball and put a spin on it so that it travels to the left - e.g.
hook (steal) - (verb) take by theft - e.g. Someone snitched my wallet!
hook (steal) - (verb) make off with belongings of others - e.g.
hook (hit) - (verb) hit with a hook - e.g. His opponent hooked him badly
hook (catch) - (verb) catch with a hook - e.g. hook a fish
hook (catch) - (verb) to cause (someone or oneself) to become dependent (on something, especially a narcotic drug) - e.g.
hook (play) - (verb) secure with the foot - e.g. hook the ball
hook (entice) - (verb) entice and trap - e.g. The car salesman had snared three potential customers
hook (offer) - (verb) approach with an offer of sexual favors - e.g. he was solicited by a prostitute
hope (anticipation) - (noun) a specific instance of feeling hopeful - e.g. it revived their hope of winning the pennant
hope (feeling) - (noun) the general feeling that some desire will be fulfilled - e.g. in spite of his troubles he never gave up hope
hope (feeling) - (noun) grounds for feeling hopeful about the future - e.g. there is little or no promise that he will recover
hope (person) - (noun) someone (or something) on which expectations are centered - e.g. he was their best hope for a victory
horn (noisemaker) - (noun) a noisemaker (as at parties or games) that makes a loud noise when you blow through it - e.g.
horn (process) - (noun) one of the bony outgrowths on the heads of certain ungulates - e.g.
horn (alarm) - (noun) a noise made by the driver of an automobile to give warning;  - e.g.
horn (pommel) - (noun) a high pommel of a Western saddle (usually metal covered with leather) - e.g.
horn (pommel) - (noun) a brass musical instrument with a brilliant tone; has a narrow tube and a flared bell and is played by means of valves - e.g.
horn (process) - (noun) any hard protuberance from the head of an organism that is similar to or suggestive of a horn - e.g.
horn (animal material) - (noun) the material (mostly keratin) that covers the horns of ungulates and forms hooves and claws and nails - e.g.
horn (device) - (noun) a device having the shape of a horn - e.g. horns at the ends of a new moon
horn (alarm) - (noun) an alarm device that makes a loud warning sound - e.g.
horn (alarm) - (noun) a brass musical instrument consisting of a conical tube that is coiled into a spiral and played by means of valves - e.g.
horn (alarm) - (noun) a device on an automobile for making a warning noise - e.g.
horn (pierce) - (verb) stab or pierce with a horn or tusk - e.g. the rhino horned the explorer
horse (equine) - (noun) solid-hoofed herbivorous quadruped domesticated since prehistoric times - e.g.
horse (gymnastic apparatus) - (noun) a padded gymnastic apparatus on legs - e.g.
horse (gymnastic apparatus) - (noun) troops trained to fight on horseback - e.g. 500 horse led the attack
horse (gymnastic apparatus) - (noun) a framework for holding wood that is being sawed - e.g.
horse (gymnastic apparatus) - (noun) a chessman shaped to resemble the head of a horse; can move two squares horizontally and one vertically (or vice versa) - e.g.
horse (provide) - (verb) provide with a horse or horses - e.g.
hospital (medical building) - (noun) a health facility where patients receive treatment - e.g.
hospital (medical institution) - (noun) a medical institution where sick or injured people are given medical or surgical care - e.g.
hour (time unit) - (noun) a period of time equal to 1/24th of a day - e.g. the job will take more than an hour
hour (clock time) - (noun) clock time - e.g. the hour is getting late
hour (time period) - (noun) a special and memorable period - e.g. it was their finest hour
hour (distance) - (noun) distance measured by the time taken to cover it - e.g. we live an hour from the airport
house (building) - (noun) a dwelling that serves as living quarters for one or more families - e.g. he has a house on Cape Cod
house (building) - (noun) the members of a business organization that owns or operates one or more establishments - e.g. he worked for a brokerage house
house (community) - (noun) the members of a religious community living together - e.g.
house (audience) - (noun) the audience gathered together in a theatre or cinema - e.g. the house applauded
house (legislature) - (noun) an official assembly having legislative powers - e.g. a bicameral legislature has two houses
house (family) - (noun) aristocratic family line - e.g. the House of York
house (play) - (noun) play in which children take the roles of father or mother or children and pretend to interact like adults - e.g. the children were playing house
house (play) - (noun) (astrology) one of 12 equal areas into which the zodiac is divided - e.g.
house (management) - (noun) the management of a gambling house or casino - e.g. the house gets a percentage of every bet
house (management) - (noun) a social unit living together - e.g. he moved his family to Virginia
house (management) - (noun) a building where theatrical performances or motion-picture shows can be presented - e.g. the house was full
house (building) - (noun) a building in which something is sheltered or located - e.g. they had a large carriage house
house (accommodate) - (verb) contain or cover - e.g. This box houses the gears
house (shelter) - (verb) provide housing for - e.g. The immigrants were housed in a new development outside the town
house (shelter) - (verb) a message whose ingenuity or verbal skill or incongruity has the power to evoke laughter - e.g.
humor (playfulness) - (noun) the trait of appreciating (and being able to express) the humorous - e.g. she didn't appreciate my humor
humor (playfulness) - (noun) a characteristic (habitual or relatively temporary) state of feeling - e.g. whether he praised or cursed me depended on his temper at the time
humor (quality) - (noun) the quality of being funny - e.g. I fail to see the humor in it
humor (body substance) - (noun) (Middle Ages) one of the four fluids in the body whose balance was believed to determine your emotional and physical state - e.g. the humors are blood and phlegm and yellow and black bile
humor (body substance) - (noun) the liquid parts of the body - e.g.
humor (gratify) - (verb) put into a good mood - e.g.
i (halogen) - (noun) a nonmetallic element belonging to the halogens; used especially in medicine and photography and in dyes; occurs naturally only in combination in small quantities (as in sea water or rocks) - e.g.
i (halogen) - (noun) the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number - e.g. he has the one but will need a two and three to go with it
i (letter) - (noun) the 9th letter of the Roman alphabet - e.g.
i (letter) - (noun) used of a single unit or thing; not two or more - e.g. `ane' is Scottish
ice (crystal) - (noun) water frozen in the solid state - e.g. Americans like ice in their drinks
ice (object) - (noun) the frozen part of a body of water - e.g.
ice (diamond) - (noun) diamonds - e.g. look at the ice on that dame!
ice (diamond) - (noun) a flavored sugar topping used to coat and decorate cakes - e.g.
ice (frozen dessert) - (noun) a frozen dessert with fruit flavoring (especially one containing no milk) - e.g.
ice (frozen dessert) - (noun) an amphetamine derivative (trade name Methedrine) used in the form of a crystalline hydrochloride; used as a stimulant to the nervous system and as an appetite suppressant - e.g.
ice (frozen dessert) - (noun) a heat engine in which combustion occurs inside the engine rather than in a separate furnace; heat expands a gas that either moves a piston or turns a gas turbine - e.g.
ice (rink) - (noun) a rink with a floor of ice for ice hockey or ice skating - e.g. the crowd applauded when she skated out onto the ice
ice (rink) - (noun) decorate with frosting - e.g. frost a cake
ice (freeze) - (verb) cause to become ice or icy - e.g. an iced summer drink
ice (cool) - (verb) put ice on or put on ice - e.g. Ice your sprained limbs
idea (content) - (noun) the content of cognition; the main thing you are thinking about - e.g. it was not a good idea
idea (content) - (noun) your intention; what you intend to do - e.g. he had in mind to see his old teacher
idea (opinion) - (noun) a personal view - e.g. he has an idea that we don't like him
idea (opinion) - (noun) an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth - e.g. an estimate of what it would cost
idea (opinion) - (noun) (music) melodic subject of a musical composition - e.g. the theme is announced in the first measures
idea (opinion) - (noun) an often persistent bodily disorder or disease; a cause for complaining - e.g.
important (opinion) - (noun) an instinctive motive - e.g. profound religious impulses
important (opinion) - (noun) a sudden desire - e.g. he bought it on an impulse
important (opinion) - (noun) the electrical discharge that travels along a nerve fiber - e.g. they demonstrated the transmission of impulses from the cortex to the hypothalamus
important (opinion) - (noun) (electronics) a sharp transient wave in the normal electrical state (or a series of such transients) - e.g. the pulsations seemed to be coming from a star
impulse (drive) - (noun) the act of applying force suddenly - e.g. the impulse knocked him over
impulse (drive) - (noun) an impelling force or strength - e.g. the car's momentum carried it off the road
in (linear unit) - (noun) a unit of length equal to one twelfth of a foot - e.g.
in (metallic element) - (noun) a rare soft silvery metallic element; occurs in small quantities in sphalerite - e.g.
in (metallic element) - (noun) a quantity that is added - e.g. there was an addition to property taxes this year
increase (change) - (noun) a change resulting in an increase - e.g. the increase is scheduled for next month
increase (process) - (noun) a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important - e.g. the increase in unemployment
increase (amount) - (noun) the amount by which something increases - e.g. they proposed an increase of 15 percent in the fare
increase (change of magnitude) - (noun) the act of increasing something - e.g. he gave me an increase in salary
increase (change magnitude) - (verb) become bigger or greater in amount - e.g. The amount of work increased
increase (change) - (verb) make bigger or more - e.g. The boss finally increased her salary
industry (commercial enterprise) - (noun) the people or companies engaged in a particular kind of commercial enterprise - e.g. each industry has its own trade publications
industry (commercial enterprise) - (noun) the organized action of making of goods and services for sale - e.g. American industry is making increased use of computers to control production
industry (commercial enterprise) - (noun) persevering determination to perform a task - e.g. his diligence won him quick promotions
ink (liquid) - (noun) a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing - e.g.
ink (liquid body substance) - (noun) dark protective fluid ejected into the water by cuttlefish and other cephalopods - e.g.
ink (sign) - (verb) append one's signature to - e.g. They inked the contract
ink (mark) - (verb) mark, coat, cover, or stain with ink - e.g. he inked his finger
ink (fill) - (verb) fill with ink - e.g. ink a pen
insect (arthropod) - (noun) small air-breathing arthropod - e.g.
insect (arthropod) - (noun) a person who has a nasty or unethical character undeserving of respect - e.g.
instrument (device) - (noun) a device that requires skill for proper use - e.g.
instrument (means) - (noun) the means whereby some act is accomplished - e.g. my greed was the instrument of my destruction
instrument (assistant) - (noun) a person used by another to gain an end - e.g.
instrument (assistant) - (noun) (law) a document that states some contractual relationship or grants some right - e.g.
instrument (semantic role) - (noun) the semantic role of the entity (usually inanimate) that the agent uses to perform an action or start a process - e.g.
instrument (semantic role) - (noun) any of various devices or contrivances that can be used to produce musical tones or sounds - e.g.
instrument (equip) - (verb) equip with instruments for measuring, recording, or controlling - e.g.
instrument (compose) - (verb) write an instrumental score for - e.g.
instrument (address) - (verb) address a legal document to - e.g.
insurance (security) - (noun) promise of reimbursement in the case of loss; paid to people or companies so concerned about hazards that they have made prepayments to an insurance company - e.g.
insurance (security) - (noun) written contract or certificate of insurance - e.g. you should have read the small print on your policy
insurance (security) - (noun) protection against future loss - e.g.
interest (curiosity) - (noun) a sense of concern with and curiosity about someone or something - e.g. an interest in music
interest (curiosity) - (noun) a reason for wanting something done - e.g. for your sake
interest (power) - (noun) the power of attracting or holding one's attention (because it is unusual or exciting etc.) - e.g. they said nothing of great interest
interest (fixed charge) - (noun) a fixed charge for borrowing money; usually a percentage of the amount borrowed - e.g. how much interest do you pay on your mortgage?
interest (share) - (noun) (law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something - e.g. they have interests all over the world
interest (social group) - (noun) (usually plural) a social group whose members control some field of activity and who have common aims - e.g. the iron interests stepped up production
interest (social group) - (noun) a diversion that occupies one's time and thoughts (usually pleasantly) - e.g. sailing is her favorite pastime
interest (arouse) - (verb) excite the curiosity of; engage the interest of - e.g.
interest (arouse) - (verb) be on the mind of - e.g. I worry about the second Germanic consonant shift
interest (arouse) - (verb) be of importance or consequence - e.g. This matters to me!
invention (creativity) - (noun) the creation of something in the mind - e.g.
invention (creation) - (noun) a creation (a new device or process) resulting from study and experimentation - e.g.
invention (creating by mental acts) - (noun) the act of inventing - e.g.
iron (metallic element) - (noun) a heavy ductile magnetic metallic element; is silver-white in pure form but readily rusts; used in construction and tools and armament; plays a role in the transport of oxygen by the blood - e.g.
iron (golf club) - (noun) a golf club that has a relatively narrow metal head - e.g.
iron (implement) - (noun) implement used to brand live stock - e.g.
iron (home appliance) - (noun) home appliance consisting of a flat metal base that is heated and used to smooth cloth - e.g.
iron (press) - (verb) press and smooth with a heated iron - e.g. press your shirts
iron (press) - (verb) extremely robust - e.g. an iron constitution
island (land) - (noun) a land mass (smaller than a continent) that is surrounded by water - e.g.
island (zone) - (noun) a zone or area resembling an island - e.g.
island (zone) - (noun) an edible jelly (sweet or pungent) made with gelatin and used as a dessert or salad base or a coating for foods - e.g.
jelly (conserve) - (noun) a preserve made of the jelled juice of fruit - e.g.
jelly (substance) - (noun) any substance having the consistency of jelly or gelatin - e.g.
jelly (substance) - (noun) make into jelly - e.g. jellify a liquid
jewel (jewelry) - (noun) a precious or semiprecious stone incorporated into a piece of jewelry - e.g.
jewel (person) - (noun) a person who is as brilliant and precious as a piece of jewelry - e.g.
jewel (person) - (noun) adorn or decorate with precious stones - e.g. jeweled dresses
jewel (person) - (noun) the shape or manner in which things come together and a connection is made - e.g.
jewel (person) - (noun) a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets - e.g. let C be the union of the sets A and B
journey (travel) - (noun) the act of traveling from one place to another - e.g.
journey (travel) - (noun) undertake a journey or trip - e.g.
journey (travel) - (noun) travel upon or across - e.g. travel the oceans
judge (adjudicator) - (noun) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice - e.g.
judge (adjudicator) - (noun) an authority who is able to estimate worth or quality - e.g.
judge (decide) - (verb) determine the result of (a competition) - e.g.
judge (decide) - (verb) form a critical opinion of - e.g. I cannot judge some works of modern art
judge (decide) - (verb) judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time) - e.g. I estimate this chicken to weigh three pounds
judge (decide) - (verb) pronounce judgment on - e.g. They labeled him unfit to work here
judge (decide) - (verb) put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of - e.g. The football star was tried for the murder of his wife
jump (increase) - (noun) a sudden and decisive increase - e.g. a jump in attendance
jump (increase) - (noun) an abrupt transition - e.g. a successful leap from college to the major leagues
jump (transition) - (noun) (film) an abrupt transition from one scene to another - e.g.
jump (transition) - (noun) a sudden involuntary movement - e.g. he awoke with a start
jump (descent) - (noun) descent with a parachute - e.g. he had done a lot of parachuting in the army
jump (propulsion) - (noun) the act of jumping; propelling yourself off the ground - e.g. he advanced in a series of jumps
jump (move) - (verb) move forward by leaps and bounds - e.g. The horse bounded across the meadow
jump (move) - (verb) move or jump suddenly, as if in surprise or alarm - e.g. She startled when I walked into the room
jump (assail) - (verb) make a sudden physical attack on - e.g. The muggers jumped the woman in the fur coat
jump (wax) - (verb) increase suddenly and significantly - e.g. Prices jumped overnight
jump (wax) - (verb) be highly noticeable - e.g.
jump (enter) - (verb) enter eagerly into - e.g. He jumped into the game
jump (enter) - (verb) rise in rank or status - e.g. Her new novel jumped high on the bestseller list
jump (move) - (verb) jump down from an elevated point - e.g. the parachutist didn't want to jump
jump (move) - (verb) run off or leave the rails - e.g. the train derailed because a cow was standing on the tracks
jump (move) - (verb) jump from an airplane and descend with a parachute - e.g.
kangaroo (marsupial) - (noun) any of several herbivorous leaping marsupials of Australia and New Guinea having large powerful hind legs and a long thick tail - e.g.
kangaroo (marsupial) - (noun) the financial means whereby one lives - e.g. each child was expected to pay for their keep
keep (stronghold) - (noun) the main tower within the walls of a medieval castle or fortress - e.g.
keep (stronghold) - (noun) a cell in a jail or prison - e.g.
kettle (pot) - (noun) a metal pot for stewing or boiling; usually has a lid - e.g.
kettle (containerful) - (noun) the quantity a kettle will hold - e.g.
kettle (hole) - (noun) (geology) a hollow (typically filled by a lake) that results from the melting of a mass of ice trapped in glacial deposits - e.g.
kettle (percussion instrument) - (noun) a large hemispherical brass or copper percussion instrument with a drumhead that can be tuned by adjusting the tension on it - e.g.
key (device) - (noun) metal device shaped in such a way that when it is inserted into the appropriate lock the lock's mechanism can be rotated - e.g.
key (explanation) - (noun) something crucial for explaining - e.g. the key to development is economic integration
key (pitch) - (noun) pitch of the voice - e.g. he spoke in a low key
key (musical notation) - (noun) any of 24 major or minor diatonic scales that provide the tonal framework for a piece of music - e.g.
key (kilogram) - (noun) a kilogram of a narcotic drug - e.g. they were carrying two keys of heroin
key (kilogram) - (noun) a winged often one-seed indehiscent fruit as of the ash or elm or maple - e.g.
kick (blow) - (noun) the act of delivering a blow with the foot - e.g. he gave the ball a powerful kick
kick (blow) - (noun) the swift release of a store of affective force - e.g. they got a great bang out of it
kick (blow) - (noun) the backward jerk of a gun when it is fired - e.g.
kick (blow) - (noun) informal terms for objecting - e.g. I have a gripe about the service here
kick (stimulation) - (noun) the sudden stimulation provided by strong drink (or certain drugs) - e.g. a sidecar is a smooth drink but it has a powerful kick
kick (motion) - (noun) a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics - e.g. the kick must be synchronized with the arm movements
kick (propel) - (verb) drive or propel with the foot - e.g.
kick (strike out) - (verb) thrash about or strike out with the feet - e.g.
kick (hit) - (verb) strike with the foot - e.g. The boy kicked the dog
kick (dance) - (verb) kick a leg up - e.g.
kick (bounce) - (verb) spring back, as from a forceful thrust - e.g. The gun kicked back into my shoulder
kick (waive) - (verb) stop consuming - e.g. kick a habit
kick (score) - (verb) make a goal - e.g. He kicked the extra point after touchdown
kick (score) - (verb) express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness - e.g. My mother complains all day
kind (category) - (noun) a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality - e.g. sculpture is a form of art
kiss (touch) - (noun) the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) - e.g.
kiss (cookie) - (noun) a cookie made of egg whites and sugar - e.g.
kiss (candy) - (noun) any of several bite-sized candies - e.g.
kiss (touch) - (noun) a light glancing touch - e.g. there was a brief kiss of their hands in passing
kiss (touch) - (noun) touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc. - e.g. The newly married couple kissed
kiss (touch) - (verb) touch lightly or gently - e.g. the blossoms were kissed by the soft rain
knee (hinge joint) - (noun) hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur and protected in front by the patella - e.g.
knee (hinge joint) - (noun) joint between the femur and tibia in a quadruped; corresponds to the human knee - e.g.
knee (cloth covering) - (noun) the part of a trouser leg that provides the cloth covering for the knee - e.g.
knife (edge tool) - (noun) edge tool used as a cutting instrument; has a pointed blade with a sharp edge and a handle - e.g.
knife (weapon) - (noun) a weapon with a handle and blade with a sharp point - e.g.
knife (weapon) - (noun) any long thin projection that is transient - e.g. tongues of flame licked at the walls
knife (injure) - (verb) use a knife on - e.g. The victim was knifed to death
knot (bunch) - (noun) a tight cluster of people or things - e.g. a small knot of women listened to his sermon
knot (fastener) - (noun) any of various fastenings formed by looping and tying a rope (or cord) upon itself or to another rope or to another object - e.g.
knot (wood) - (noun) a hard cross-grained round piece of wood in a board where a branch emerged - e.g. the saw buckled when it hit a knot
knot (distorted shape) - (noun) something twisted and tight and swollen - e.g. their muscles stood out in knots
knot (distorted shape) - (noun) a unit of length used in navigation; exactly 1,852 meters; historically based on the distance spanned by one minute of arc in latitude - e.g.
knot (distorted shape) - (noun) soft lump or unevenness in a yarn; either an imperfection or created by design - e.g.
knot (sandpiper) - (noun) a sandpiper that breeds in the Arctic and winters in the southern hemisphere - e.g.
knot (create from raw material) - (verb) make into knots; make knots out of - e.g. She knotted her fingers
knot (tie) - (verb) tie or fasten into a knot - e.g. knot the shoelaces
knot (tie) - (verb) tangle or complicate - e.g. a ravelled story
knot (tie) - (verb) the psychological result of perception and learning and reasoning - e.g.
land (real property) - (noun) the land on which real estate is located - e.g. he built the house on land leased from the city
land (object) - (noun) material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use) - e.g. the land had never been plowed
land (object) - (noun) territory over which rule or control is exercised - e.g. his domain extended into Europe
land (object) - (noun) the solid part of the earth's surface - e.g. the plane turned away from the sea and moved back over land
land (object) - (noun) the territory occupied by a nation - e.g. he returned to the land of his birth
land (object) - (noun) a domain in which something is dominant - e.g. the untroubled kingdom of reason
land (object) - (noun) extensive landed property (especially in the country) retained by the owner for his own use - e.g. the family owned a large estate on Long Island
land (object) - (noun) the people who live in a nation or country - e.g. a statement that sums up the nation's mood
land (object) - (noun) a politically organized body of people under a single government - e.g. the state has elected a new president
language (communication) - (noun) a systematic means of communicating by the use of sounds or conventional symbols - e.g. he taught foreign languages
language (communication) - (noun) (language) communication by word of mouth - e.g. his speech was garbled
language (communication) - (noun) the text of a popular song or musical-comedy number - e.g. his compositions always started with the lyrics
language (communication) - (noun) the cognitive processes involved in producing and understanding linguistic communication - e.g. he didn't have the language to express his feelings
language (faculty) - (noun) the mental faculty or power of vocal communication - e.g. language sets homo sapiens apart from all other animals
language (faculty) - (noun) a system of words used to name things in a particular discipline - e.g. legal terminology
language (faculty) - (noun) the immature free-living form of most invertebrates and amphibians and fish which at hatching from the egg is fundamentally unlike its parent and must metamorphose - e.g.
language (faculty) - (noun) the temporal end; the concluding time - e.g. the stopping point of each round was signaled by a bell
last (rank) - (noun) the last or lowest in an ordering or series - e.g. he was the last to leave
last (activity) - (noun) a person's dying act; the final thing a person can do - e.g. he breathed his last
last (activity) - (noun) the time at which life ends; continuing until dead - e.g. she stayed until his death
last (weight unit) - (noun) a unit of weight equal to 4,000 pounds - e.g.
last (volume unit) - (noun) a unit of capacity for grain equal to 80 bushels - e.g.
last (volume unit) - (noun) the concluding parts of an event or occurrence - e.g. the end was exciting
last (holding device) - (noun) holding device shaped like a human foot that is used to fashion or repair shoes - e.g.
last (measure) - (verb) persist for a specified period of time - e.g. The bad weather lasted for three days
last (measure) - (verb) continue to live through hardship or adversity - e.g. We went without water and food for 3 days
laugh (utterance) - (noun) the sound of laughing - e.g.
laugh (facial expression) - (noun) a facial expression characteristic of a person laughing - e.g. his face wrinkled in a silent laugh of derision
laugh (facial expression) - (noun) a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter - e.g. he told a very funny joke
laugh (express emotion) - (verb) produce laughter - e.g.
law (collection) - (noun) the collection of rules imposed by authority - e.g. civilization presupposes respect for the law
law (legal document) - (noun) legal document setting forth rules governing a particular kind of activity - e.g. there is a law against kidnapping
law (concept) - (noun) a rule or body of rules of conduct inherent in human nature and essential to or binding upon human society - e.g.
law (concept) - (noun) a generalization that describes recurring facts or events in nature - e.g. the laws of thermodynamics
law (concept) - (noun) the branch of philosophy concerned with the law and the principles that lead courts to make the decisions they do - e.g.
law (learned profession) - (noun) the learned profession that is mastered by graduate study in a law school and that is responsible for the judicial system - e.g. he studied law at Yale
law (learned profession) - (noun) the force of policemen and officers - e.g. the law came looking for him
lead (advantage) - (noun) an advantage held by a competitor in a race - e.g. he took the lead at the last turn
lead (metallic element) - (noun) a soft heavy toxic malleable metallic element; bluish white when freshly cut but tarnishes readily to dull grey - e.g. the children were playing with lead soldiers
lead (evidence) - (noun) evidence pointing to a possible solution - e.g. the police are following a promising lead
lead (leadership) - (noun) a position of leadership (especially in the phrase `take the lead') - e.g. he takes the lead in any group
lead (angle) - (noun) the angle between the direction a gun is aimed and the position of a moving target (correcting for the flight time of the missile) - e.g.
lead (section) - (noun) the introductory section of a story - e.g. it was an amusing lead-in to a very serious matter
lead (score) - (noun) (sports) the score by which a team or individual is winning - e.g.
lead (score) - (noun) an actor who plays a principal role - e.g.
lead (position) - (noun) (baseball) the position taken by a base runner preparing to advance to the next base - e.g. he took a long lead off first
lead (position) - (noun) an indication of potential opportunity - e.g. he got a tip on the stock market
lead (news article) - (noun) a news story of major importance - e.g.
lead (news article) - (noun) the timing of ignition relative to the position of the piston in an internal-combustion engine - e.g.
lead (news article) - (noun) restraint consisting of a rope (or light chain) used to restrain an animal - e.g.
lead (strip) - (noun) thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing - e.g.
lead (graphite) - (noun) mixture of graphite with clay in different degrees of hardness; the marking substance in a pencil - e.g.
lead (graphite) - (noun) a jumper that consists of a short piece of wire - e.g. it was a tangle of jumper cables and clip leads
lead (turn) - (noun) the playing of a card to start a trick in bridge - e.g. the lead was in the dummy
leaf (plant organ) - (noun) the main organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in higher plants - e.g.
leaf (sheet) - (noun) a sheet of any written or printed material (especially in a manuscript or book) - e.g.
leaf (section) - (noun) hinged or detachable flat section (as of a table or door) - e.g.
leaf (section) - (noun) look through a book or other written material - e.g. He thumbed through the report
leaf (turn) - (verb) turn over pages - e.g. leaf through a book
leaf (grow) - (verb) produce leaves, of plants - e.g.
learning (basic cognitive process) - (noun) the cognitive process of acquiring skill or knowledge - e.g. the child's acquisition of language
learning (basic cognitive process) - (noun) profound scholarly knowledge - e.g.
learning (basic cognitive process) - (noun) gain knowledge or skills - e.g. She learned dancing from her sister
learning (basic cognitive process) - (noun) get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally - e.g. I learned that she has two grown-up children
learning (basic cognitive process) - (noun) commit to memory; learn by heart - e.g. Have you memorized your lines for the play yet?
learning (basic cognitive process) - (noun) be a student of a certain subject - e.g. She is reading for the bar exam
learning (basic cognitive process) - (noun) impart skills or knowledge to - e.g. I taught them French
learning (basic cognitive process) - (noun) find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort - e.g. I want to see whether she speaks French
leather (animal skin) - (noun) an animal skin made smooth and flexible by removing the hair and then tanning - e.g.
leather (flog) - (verb) whip with a leather strap - e.g.
left (position) - (noun) location near or direction toward the left side; i.e. the side to the north when a person or object faces east - e.g. she stood on the left
left (faction) - (noun) those who support varying degrees of social or political or economic change designed to promote the public welfare - e.g.
left (hand) - (noun) the hand that is on the left side of the body - e.g. jab with your left
left (tract) - (noun) the piece of ground in the outfield on the catcher's left - e.g. the batter flied out to left
left (turn) - (noun) a turn toward the side of the body that is on the north when the person is facing east - e.g. take a left at the corner
left (turn) - (noun) go away from a place - e.g. At what time does your train leave?
left (turn) - (noun) go and leave behind, either intentionally or by neglect or forgetfulness - e.g. She left a mess when she moved out
left (turn) - (noun) act or be so as to become in a specified state - e.g. The inflation left them penniless
left (turn) - (noun) leave unchanged or undisturbed or refrain from taking - e.g. leave it as is
left (turn) - (noun) move out of or depart from - e.g. leave the room
left (turn) - (noun) make a possibility or provide opportunity for; permit to be attainable or cause to remain - e.g. This leaves no room for improvement
left (turn) - (noun) have as a result or residue - e.g. The water left a mark on the silk dress
left (turn) - (noun) remove oneself from an association with or participation in - e.g. She wants to leave
left (turn) - (noun) put into the care or protection of someone - e.g. He left the decision to his deputy
left (turn) - (noun) leave or give by will after one's death - e.g. My aunt bequeathed me all her jewelry
left (turn) - (noun) have left or have as a remainder - e.g. That left the four of us
left (turn) - (noun) be survived by after one's death - e.g. He left six children
left (turn) - (noun) transmit (knowledge or skills) - e.g. give a secret to the Russians
left (turn) - (noun) leave behind unintentionally - e.g. I forgot my umbrella in the restaurant
leg (limb) - (noun) a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the part of the limb between the knee and ankle - e.g.
leg (limb) - (noun) a structure in animals that is similar to a human leg and used for locomotion - e.g.
leg (support) - (noun) one of the supports for a piece of furniture - e.g.
leg (support) - (noun) a part of a forked or branching shape - e.g. he broke off one of the branches
leg (cut) - (noun) the limb of an animal used for food - e.g.
leg (cut) - (noun) a prosthesis that replaces a missing leg - e.g.
leg (cloth covering) - (noun) a cloth covering consisting of the part of a pair of trousers that covers a person's leg - e.g.
leg (distance) - (noun) (nautical) the distance traveled by a sailing vessel on a single tack - e.g.
leg (distance) - (noun) a section or portion of a journey or course - e.g. then we embarked on the second stage of our Caribbean cruise
lemon (citrus) - (noun) yellow oval fruit with juicy acidic flesh - e.g.
lemon (citrus) - (noun) a strong yellow color - e.g.
lemon (citrus) - (noun) a small evergreen tree that originated in Asia but is widely cultivated for its fruit - e.g.
lemon (relish) - (noun) a distinctive tart flavor characteristic of lemons - e.g.
lemon (artifact) - (noun) an artifact (especially an automobile) that is defective or unsatisfactory - e.g.
lemon (artifact) - (noun) a brutal terrorist group active in Kashmir; fights against India with the goal of restoring Islamic rule of India - e.g. Lashkar-e-Toiba has committed mass murders of civilian Hindus
let (serve) - (noun) a serve that strikes the net before falling into the receiver's court; the ball must be served again - e.g.
letter (text) - (noun) a written message addressed to a person or organization - e.g. mailed an indignant letter to the editor
letter (character) - (noun) the conventional characters of the alphabet used to represent speech - e.g. his grandmother taught him his letters
letter (owner) - (noun) owner who lets another person use something (housing usually) for hire - e.g.
letter (literal interpretation) - (noun) a strictly literal interpretation (as distinct from the intention) - e.g. he followed instructions to the letter
letter (award) - (noun) an award earned by participation in a school sport - e.g. he won letters in three sports
letter (earn) - (verb) win an athletic letter - e.g.
letter (print) - (verb) set down or print with letters - e.g.
letter (write) - (verb) mark letters on or mark with letters - e.g.
letter (write) - (verb) informal terms for money - e.g.
lettuce (herb) - (noun) any of various plants of the genus Lactuca - e.g.
lettuce (salad green) - (noun) leaves of any of various plants of Lactuca sativa - e.g.
lettuce (salad green) - (noun) a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality - e.g. a moderate grade of intelligence
lettuce (salad green) - (noun) a relative position or degree of value in a graded group - e.g. lumber of the highest grade
lettuce (salad green) - (noun) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process - e.g. a remarkable degree of frankness
level (altitude) - (noun) height above ground - e.g. the water reached ankle level
level (indicator) - (noun) indicator that establishes the horizontal when a bubble is centered in a tube of liquid - e.g.
level (indicator) - (noun) a flat surface at right angles to a plumb line - e.g. park the car on the level
level (place) - (noun) an abstract place usually conceived as having depth - e.g. a good actor communicates on several levels
level (place) - (noun) a structure consisting of a room or set of rooms at a single position along a vertical scale - e.g. what level is the office on?
level (aim) - (verb) aim at - e.g. level criticism or charges at somebody
level (destroy) - (verb) tear down so as to make flat with the ground - e.g. The building was levelled
level (destroy) - (verb) make level or straight - e.g. level the ground
level (destroy) - (verb) direct into a position for use - e.g. point a gun
level (talk) - (verb) talk frankly with; lay it on the line - e.g. I have to level with you
level (change surface) - (verb) become level or even - e.g. The ground levelled off
level (change surface) - (verb) having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another - e.g. a flat desk
library (room) - (noun) a room where books are kept - e.g. they had brandy in the library
library (collection) - (noun) a collection of literary documents or records kept for reference or borrowing - e.g.
library (depository) - (noun) a depository built to contain books and other materials for reading and study - e.g.
library (collection) - (noun) (computing) a collection of standard programs and subroutines that are stored and available for immediate use - e.g.
library (building) - (noun) a building that houses a collection of books and other materials - e.g.
library (building) - (noun) wingless usually flattened bloodsucking insect parasitic on warm-blooded animals - e.g.
library (building) - (noun) a person who has a nasty or unethical character undeserving of respect - e.g.
library (building) - (noun) any of several small insects especially aphids that feed by sucking the juices from plants - e.g.
library (building) - (noun) wingless insect with mouth parts adapted for biting; mostly parasitic on birds - e.g.
lift (aid) - (noun) the act of giving temporary assistance - e.g.
lift (aid) - (noun) the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity - e.g.
lift (aid) - (noun) the event of something being raised upward - e.g. an elevation of the temperature in the afternoon
lift (wave) - (noun) a wave that lifts the surface of the water or ground - e.g.
lift (wave) - (noun) a powered conveyance that carries skiers up a hill - e.g.
lift (device) - (noun) a device worn in a shoe or boot to make the wearer look taller or to correct a shortened leg - e.g.
lift (layer) - (noun) one of the layers forming the heel of a shoe or boot - e.g.
lift (layer) - (noun) lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered mechanically in a vertical shaft in order to move people from one floor to another in a building - e.g.
lift (layer) - (noun) plastic surgery to remove wrinkles and other signs of aging from your face; an incision is made near the hair line and skin is pulled back and excess tissue is excised - e.g. some actresses have more than one face lift
lift (layer) - (noun) transportation of people or goods by air (especially when other means of access are unavailable) - e.g.
lift (drive) - (noun) a ride in a car - e.g. he gave me a lift home
lift (propulsion) - (noun) the act of raising something - e.g. he responded with a lift of his eyebrow
lift (propulsion) - (noun) raise from a lower to a higher position - e.g. Raise your hands
lift (move) - (verb) take hold of something and move it to a different location - e.g. lift the box onto the table
lift (move) - (verb) move upwards - e.g. lift one's eyes
lift (move) - (verb) move upward - e.g. The fog lifted
lift (utter) - (verb) make audible - e.g. He lifted a war whoop
lift (utter) - (verb) cancel officially - e.g. He revoked the ban on smoking
lift (utter) - (verb) make off with belongings of others - e.g.
lift (utter) - (verb) raise or haul up with or as if with mechanical help - e.g. hoist the bicycle onto the roof of the car
lift (utter) - (verb) invigorate or heighten - e.g. lift my spirits
lift (change) - (verb) raise in rank or condition - e.g. The new law lifted many people from poverty
lift (remove) - (verb) take off or away by decreasing - e.g. lift the pressure
lift (remove) - (verb) rise up - e.g. The building rose before them
lift (liquidate) - (verb) pay off (a mortgage) - e.g.
lift (liquidate) - (verb) take without referencing from someone else's writing or speech; of intellectual property - e.g.
lift (liquidate) - (verb) take illegally - e.g. rustle cattle
lift (liquidate) - (verb) fly people or goods to or from places not accessible by other means - e.g. Food is airlifted into Bosnia
lift (dig) - (verb) take (root crops) out of the ground - e.g. lift potatoes
lift (call) - (verb) call to stop the hunt or to retire, as of hunting dogs - e.g.
lift (heave) - (verb) rise upward, as from pressure or moisture - e.g. The floor is lifting slowly
lift (end) - (verb) put an end to - e.g. lift a ban
lift (scalp) - (verb) remove (hair) by scalping - e.g.
lift (remove) - (verb) remove from a seedbed or from a nursery - e.g. lift the tulip bulbs
lift (remove) - (verb) remove from a surface - e.g. the detective carefully lifted some fingerprints from the table
lift (remove) - (verb) perform cosmetic surgery on someone's face - e.g.
light (actinic radiation) - (noun) (physics) electromagnetic radiation that can produce a visual sensation - e.g. the light was filtered through a soft glass window
light (source of illumination) - (noun) any device serving as a source of illumination - e.g. he stopped the car and turned off the lights
light (position) - (noun) a particular perspective or aspect of a situation - e.g. although he saw it in a different light, he still did not understand
light (position) - (noun) the quality of being luminous; emitting or reflecting light - e.g. its luminosity is measured relative to that of our sun
light (scene) - (noun) an illuminated area - e.g. he stepped into the light
light (condition) - (noun) a condition of spiritual awareness; divine illumination - e.g. follow God's light
light (visual property) - (noun) the visual effect of illumination on objects or scenes as created in pictures - e.g. he could paint the lightest light and the darkest dark
light (friend) - (noun) a person regarded very fondly - e.g. the light of my life
light (illumination) - (noun) having abundant light or illumination - e.g. they played as long as it was light
light (insight) - (noun) mental understanding as an enlightening experience - e.g. he finally saw the light
light (insight) - (noun) merriment expressed by a brightness or gleam or animation of countenance - e.g. he had a sparkle in his eye
light (public knowledge) - (noun) public awareness - e.g. it brought the scandal to light
light (public knowledge) - (noun) a divine presence believed by Quakers to enlighten and guide the soul - e.g.
light (visual signal) - (noun) a visual warning signal - e.g. they saw the light of the beacon
light (device) - (noun) a device for lighting or igniting fuel or charges or fires - e.g. do you have a light?
light (lighten) - (verb) make lighter or brighter - e.g. This lamp lightens the room a bit
light (ignite) - (verb) begin to smoke - e.g. After the meal, some of the diners lit up
light (ignite) - (verb) to come to rest, settle - e.g. Misfortune lighted upon him
light (ignite) - (verb) cause to start burning; subject to fire or great heat - e.g. Great heat can ignite almost any dry matter
light (ignite) - (verb) fall to somebody by assignment or lot - e.g. The task fell to me
light (ignite) - (verb) alight from (a horse) - e.g.
like (kind) - (noun) a similar kind - e.g. dogs, foxes, and the like", "we don't want the likes of you around here
like (kind) - (noun) a kind of person - e.g. We'll not see his like again
like (kind) - (noun) prefer or wish to do something - e.g. Do you care to try this dish?
lily (liliaceous plant) - (noun) any liliaceous plant of the genus Lilium having showy pendulous flowers - e.g.
limit (extent) - (noun) the greatest possible degree of something - e.g. what he did was beyond the bounds of acceptable behavior
limit (extent) - (noun) final or latest limiting point - e.g.
limit (extremity) - (noun) as far as something can go - e.g.
limit (boundary) - (noun) the boundary of a specific area - e.g.
limit (indefinite quantity) - (noun) the mathematical value toward which a function goes as the independent variable approaches infinity - e.g.
limit (indefinite quantity) - (noun) the greatest amount of something that is possible or allowed - e.g. there are limits on the amount you can bet
limit (indefinite quantity) - (noun) place limits on (extent or access) - e.g. restrict the use of this parking lot
limit (decrease) - (verb) restrict or confine, "I limit you to two visits to the pub a day" - e.g.
limit (decrease) - (verb) decide upon or fix definitely - e.g. fix the variables
line (formation) - (noun) a formation of people or things one beside another - e.g. the line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed
line (mark) - (noun) a mark that is long relative to its width - e.g. He drew a line on the chart
line (formation) - (noun) a formation of people or things one behind another - e.g. the line stretched clear around the corner
line (shape) - (noun) a length (straight or curved) without breadth or thickness; the trace of a moving point - e.g.
line (text) - (noun) text consisting of a row of words written across a page or computer screen - e.g. the letter consisted of three short lines
line (electromagnetic radiation) - (noun) a single frequency (or very narrow band) of radiation in a spectrum - e.g.
line (military position) - (noun) a fortified position (especially one marking the most forward position of troops) - e.g. they attacked the enemy's line
line (military position) - (noun) a course of reasoning aimed at demonstrating a truth or falsehood; the methodical process of logical reasoning - e.g. I can't follow your line of reasoning
line (military position) - (noun) a conductor for transmitting electrical or optical signals or electric power - e.g.
line (military position) - (noun) a connected series of events or actions or developments - e.g. the government took a firm course
line (location) - (noun) a spatial location defined by a real or imaginary unidimensional extent - e.g.
line (location) - (noun) a slight depression in the smoothness of a surface - e.g. his face has many lines
line (location) - (noun) a pipe used to transport liquids or gases - e.g. a pipeline runs from the wells to the seaport
line (road) - (noun) the road consisting of railroad track and roadbed - e.g.
line (road) - (noun) a telephone connection - e.g.
line (conformity) - (noun) acting in conformity - e.g. in line with
line (genealogy) - (noun) the descendants of one individual - e.g. his entire lineage has been warriors
line (artifact) - (noun) something (as a cord or rope) that is long and thin and flexible - e.g. a washing line
line (artifact) - (noun) the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money - e.g. he's not in my line of business
line (mark) - (noun) in games or sports; a mark indicating positions or bounds of the playing area - e.g.
line (mark) - (noun) (often plural) a means of communication or access - e.g. it must go through official channels
line (merchandise) - (noun) a particular kind of product or merchandise - e.g. a nice line of shoes
line (carrier) - (noun) a commercial organization serving as a common carrier - e.g.
line (carrier) - (noun) space for one line of print (one column wide and 1/14 inch deep) used to measure advertising - e.g.
line (carrier) - (noun) the maximum credit that a customer is allowed - e.g.
line (carrier) - (noun) a succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence - e.g. she was humming an air from Beethoven
line (persuasion) - (noun) persuasive but insincere talk that is usually intended to deceive or impress - e.g. `let me show you my etchings' is a rather worn line
line (persuasion) - (noun) a short personal letter - e.g. drop me a line when you get there
line (differentiation) - (noun) a conceptual separation or distinction - e.g. there is a narrow line between sanity and insanity
line (differentiation) - (noun) mechanical system in a factory whereby an article is conveyed through sites at which successive operations are performed on it - e.g.
line (lie) - (verb) be in line with; form a line along - e.g. trees line the riverbank
line (cover) - (verb) cover the interior of - e.g. line the gloves
line (cover) - (verb) make a mark or lines on a surface - e.g. draw a line
line (score) - (verb) mark with lines - e.g. sorrow had lined his face
line (fill) - (verb) fill plentifully - e.g. line one's pockets
line (reinforce) - (verb) reinforce with fabric - e.g. lined books are more enduring
linen (fabric) - (noun) a fabric woven with fibers from the flax plant - e.g.
linen (paper) - (noun) a high-quality paper made of linen fibers or with a linen finish - e.g.
linen (white goods) - (noun) white goods or clothing made with linen cloth - e.g.
lip (articulator) - (noun) either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role in speaking - e.g.
lip (plant part) - (noun) (botany) either of the two parts of a bilabiate corolla or calyx - e.g.
lip (plant part) - (noun) an impudent or insolent rejoinder - e.g. don't give me any of your sass
lip (plant part) - (noun) the top edge of a vessel or other container - e.g.
lip (margin) - (noun) either the outer margin or the inner margin of the aperture of a gastropod's shell - e.g.
liquid (fluid) - (noun) a substance that is liquid at room temperature and pressure - e.g.
liquid (state of matter) - (noun) the state in which a substance exhibits a characteristic readiness to flow with little or no tendency to disperse and relatively high incompressibility - e.g.
liquid (fluid) - (noun) fluid matter having no fixed shape but a fixed volume - e.g.
liquid (consonant) - (noun) a frictionless continuant that is not a nasal consonant (especially `l' and `r') - e.g.
list (database) - (noun) a database containing an ordered array of items (names or topics) - e.g.
list (database) - (noun) the property possessed by a line or surface that departs from the vertical - e.g. the tower had a pronounced tilt
list (enumerate) - (verb) give or make a list of; name individually; give the names of - e.g. List the states west of the Mississippi
list (register) - (verb) include in a list - e.g. Am I listed in your register?
list (move) - (verb) cause to lean to the side - e.g. Erosion listed the old tree
list (lean) - (verb) tilt to one side - e.g. The balloon heeled over
list (lean) - (verb) enumerate - e.g. We must number the names of the great mathematicians
little (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) a small amount or duration - e.g. he accepted the little they gave him
little (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent - e.g. a little dining room
little (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) the experience of being alive; the course of human events and activities - e.g. he could no longer cope with the complexities of life
living (people) - (noun) people who are still living - e.g. save your pity for the living
living (people) - (noun) the condition of living or the state of being alive - e.g. while there's life there's hope
living (people) - (noun) the financial means whereby one lives - e.g. each child was expected to pay for their keep
living (people) - (noun) inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of - e.g. People lived in Africa millions of years ago
living (people) - (noun) lead a certain kind of life; live in a certain style - e.g. we had to live frugally after the war
living (people) - (noun) continue to live through hardship or adversity - e.g. We went without water and food for 3 days
living (people) - (noun) support oneself - e.g. he could barely exist on such a low wage
living (people) - (noun) have life, be alive - e.g. Our great leader is no more
living (people) - (noun) have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations - e.g. I know the feeling!
living (people) - (noun) pursue a positive and satisfying existence - e.g. You must accept yourself and others if you really want to live
lobster (shellfish) - (noun) flesh of a lobster - e.g.
lobster (decapod crustacean) - (noun) any of several edible marine crustaceans of the families Homaridae and Nephropsidae and Palinuridae - e.g.
lock (fastener) - (noun) a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed - e.g.
lock (hair) - (noun) a strand or cluster of hair - e.g.
lock (mechanism) - (noun) a mechanism that detonates the charge of a gun - e.g.
lock (enclosure) - (noun) enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it - e.g.
lock (restraint) - (noun) a restraint incorporated into the ignition switch to prevent the use of a vehicle by persons who do not have the key - e.g.
lock (wrestling hold) - (noun) any wrestling hold in which some part of the opponent's body is twisted or pressured - e.g.
lock (fasten) - (verb) fasten with a lock - e.g. lock the bike to the fence
lock (fasten) - (verb) keep engaged - e.g. engaged the gears
lock (engage) - (verb) become rigid or immoveable - e.g. The therapist noticed that the patient's knees tended to lock in this exercise
lock (hold) - (verb) hold in a locking position - e.g. He locked his hands around her neck
lock (hold) - (verb) become engaged or intermeshed with one another - e.g. They were locked in embrace
lock (overwhelm) - (verb) hold fast (in a certain state) - e.g. He was locked in a laughing fit
lock (confine) - (verb) place in a place where something cannot be removed or someone cannot escape - e.g. The parents locked her daughter up for the weekend
lock (pass) - (verb) pass by means through a lock in a waterway - e.g.
lock (construct) - (verb) build locks in order to facilitate the navigation of vessels - e.g.
locust (short-horned grasshopper) - (noun) migratory grasshoppers of warm regions having short antennae - e.g.
locust (wood) - (noun) hardwood from any of various locust trees - e.g.
locust (tree) - (noun) any of various hardwood trees of the family Leguminosae - e.g.
locust (tree) - (noun) desire strongly or persistently - e.g.
long (tree) - (noun) the feelings expressed on a person's face - e.g. a sad expression
look (sensing) - (noun) the act of directing the eyes toward something and perceiving it visually - e.g. he went out to have a look
look (appearance) - (noun) physical appearance - e.g. I don't like the looks of this place
look (appearance) - (noun) the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people - e.g. the feel of the city excited him
look (appearance) - (noun) grant freedom to; free from confinement - e.g.
look (appearance) - (noun) turn loose or free from restraint - e.g. let loose mines
loose (change) - (verb) make loose or looser - e.g. loosen the tension on a rope
loose (weaken) - (verb) become loose or looser or less tight - e.g. The noose loosened
loss (transferred property) - (noun) something that is lost - e.g. the car was a total loss
loss (decline) - (noun) gradual decline in amount or activity - e.g. weight loss
loss (failure) - (noun) the act of losing someone or something - e.g. everyone expected him to win so his loss was a shock
loss (disadvantage) - (noun) the disadvantage that results from losing something - e.g. his loss of credibility led to his resignation
loss (experience) - (noun) the experience of losing a loved one - e.g. he sympathized on the loss of their grandfather
loss (sum) - (noun) the amount by which the cost of a business exceeds its revenue - e.g. the company operated at a loss last year
loss (sum) - (noun) military personnel lost by death or capture - e.g.
loss (sum) - (noun) euphemistic expressions for death - e.g. thousands mourned his passing
love (emotion) - (noun) a strong positive emotion of regard and affection - e.g. his love for his work
love (object) - (noun) any object of warm affection or devotion;  - e.g. the theater was her first love
love (object) - (noun) a beloved person; used as terms of endearment - e.g.
love (sexual desire) - (noun) a deep feeling of sexual desire and attraction - e.g. their love left them indifferent to their surroundings
love (score) - (noun) a score of zero in tennis or squash - e.g. it was 40 love
love (score) - (noun) sexual activities (often including sexual intercourse) between two people - e.g. his lovemaking disgusted her
low (air mass) - (noun) an air mass of lower pressure; often brings precipitation - e.g. a low moved in over night bringing sleet and snow
lunch (meal) - (noun) a midday meal - e.g.
lunch (eat) - (verb) take the midday meal - e.g. At what time are you lunching?
lunch (feed) - (verb) provide a midday meal for - e.g. She lunched us well
machine (device) - (noun) any mechanical or electrical device that transmits or modifies energy to perform or assist in the performance of human tasks - e.g.
machine (person) - (noun) an efficient person - e.g. the boxer was a magnificent fighting machine
machine (organization) - (noun) an intricate organization that accomplishes its goals efficiently - e.g. the war machine
machine (mechanical device) - (noun) a device for overcoming resistance at one point by applying force at some other point - e.g.
machine (organization) - (noun) a group that controls the activities of a political party - e.g. he was endorsed by the Democratic machine
machine (organization) - (noun) a motor vehicle with four wheels; usually propelled by an internal combustion engine - e.g. he needs a car to get to work
machine (shape) - (verb) turn, shape, mold, or otherwise finish by machinery - e.g.
machine (produce) - (verb) make by machinery - e.g. The Americans were machining while others still hand-made cars
mackerel (saltwater fish) - (noun) flesh of very important usually small (to 18 in) fatty Atlantic fish - e.g.
mackerel (scombroid) - (noun) any of various fishes of the family Scombridae - e.g.
magnolia (bark) - (noun) dried bark of various magnolias; used in folk medicine - e.g.
magnolia (angiospermous tree) - (noun) any shrub or tree of the genus Magnolia; valued for their longevity and exquisite fragrant blooms - e.g.
magnolia (angiospermous tree) - (noun) tall annual cereal grass bearing kernels on large ears: widely cultivated in America in many varieties; the principal cereal in Mexico and Central and South America since pre-Columbian times - e.g.
magnolia (angiospermous tree) - (noun) a strong yellow color - e.g.
magnolia (angiospermous tree) - (noun) tall annual cereal grass bearing kernels on large ears: widely cultivated in America in many varieties; the principal cereal in Mexico and Central and South America since pre-Columbian times - e.g.
magnolia (angiospermous tree) - (noun) a strong yellow color - e.g.
magnolia (angiospermous tree) - (noun) a recognizable kind - e.g. there's a new brand of hero in the movies now
magnolia (angiospermous tree) - (noun) the act of mixing cards haphazardly - e.g.
male (animal) - (noun) an animal that produces gametes (spermatozoa) that can fertilize female gametes (ova) - e.g.
male (person) - (noun) a person who belongs to the sex that cannot have babies - e.g.
mammal (vertebrate) - (noun) any warm-blooded vertebrate having the skin more or less covered with hair; young are born alive except for the small subclass of monotremes and nourished with milk - e.g.
man (male) - (noun) an adult person who is male (as opposed to a woman) - e.g. there were two women and six men on the bus
man (male) - (noun) someone who serves in the armed forces; a member of a military force - e.g. two men stood sentry duty
man (person) - (noun) the generic use of the word to refer to any human being - e.g. it was every man for himself
man (person) - (noun) any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superior intelligence, articulate speech, and erect carriage - e.g.
man (subordinate) - (noun) a male subordinate - e.g. the chief stationed two men outside the building
man (male) - (noun) an adult male person who has a manly character (virile and courageous competent) - e.g. the army will make a man of you
man (male) - (noun) a manservant who acts as a personal attendant to his employer - e.g. Jeeves was Bertie Wooster's man
man (male) - (noun) a male person who plays a significant role (husband or lover or boyfriend) in the life of a particular woman - e.g. she takes good care of her man
man (male) - (noun) someone who controls resources and expenditures - e.g.
man (male) - (noun) (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team - e.g.
map (representation) - (noun) a diagrammatic representation of the earth's surface (or part of it) - e.g.
map (representation) - (noun) (mathematics) a mathematical relation such that each element of a given set (the domain of the function) is associated with an element of another set (the range of the function) - e.g.
map (represent) - (verb) make a map of; show or establish the features of details of - e.g. map the surface of Venus
map (explore) - (verb) explore or survey for the purpose of making a map - e.g. We haven't even begun to map the many galaxies that we know exist
map (situate) - (verb) locate within a specific region of a chromosome in relation to known DNA or gene sequences - e.g. map the genes
map (plan) - (verb) plan, delineate, or arrange in detail - e.g. map one's future
map (picture) - (verb) depict as if on a map - e.g. sorrow was mapped on the mother's face
map (permute) - (verb) to establish a mapping (of mathematical elements or sets) - e.g.
maple (wood) - (noun) wood of any of various maple trees; especially the hard close-grained wood of the sugar maple; used especially for furniture and flooring - e.g.
maple (angiospermous tree) - (noun) any of numerous trees or shrubs of the genus Acer bearing winged seeds in pairs; north temperate zone - e.g.
margarine (spread) - (noun) a spread made chiefly from vegetable oils and used as a substitute for butter - e.g.
mark (evaluation) - (noun) a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance) - e.g. she made good marks in algebra
mark (symbol) - (noun) a distinguishing symbol - e.g. the owner's mark was on all the sheep
mark (symbol) - (noun) a reference point to shoot at - e.g. his arrow hit the mark
mark (indication) - (noun) a visible indication made on a surface - e.g. some previous reader had covered the pages with dozens of marks
mark (impression) - (noun) the impression created by doing something unusual or extraordinary that people notice and remember - e.g. it was in London that he made his mark
mark (symbol) - (noun) a symbol of disgrace or infamy - e.g. And the Lord set a mark upon Cain"--Genesis
mark (german monetary unit) - (noun) formerly the basic unit of money in Germany - e.g.
market (activity) - (noun) the world of commercial activity where goods and services are bought and sold - e.g. without competition there would be no market
market (class) - (noun) the customers for a particular product or service - e.g. before they publish any book they try to determine the size of the market for it
market (class) - (noun) a marketplace where groceries are sold - e.g. the grocery store included a meat market
market (industry) - (noun) the securities markets in the aggregate - e.g. the market always frustrates the small investor
market (mercantile establishment) - (noun) an area in a town where a public mercantile establishment is set up - e.g.
market (trade) - (verb) engage in the commercial promotion, sale, or distribution of - e.g. The company is marketing its new line of beauty products
market (shop) - (verb) buy household supplies - e.g. We go marketing every Saturday
market (deal) - (verb) deal in a market - e.g.
market (deal) - (verb) make commercial - e.g. Some Amish people have commercialized their way of life
married (person) - (noun) a person who is married - e.g. we invited several young marrieds
married (person) - (noun) take in marriage - e.g.
married (person) - (noun) perform a marriage ceremony - e.g. The minister married us on Saturday
mass (fundamental quantity) - (noun) the property of a body that causes it to have weight in a gravitational field - e.g.
mass (fundamental quantity) - (noun) (often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent - e.g. a batch of letters
mass (collection) - (noun) an ill-structured collection of similar things (objects or people) - e.g.
mass (religious ceremony) - (noun) (Roman Catholic Church and Protestant Churches) the celebration of the Eucharist - e.g.
mass (body) - (noun) a body of matter without definite shape - e.g. a huge ice mass
mass (body) - (noun) the common people generally - e.g. separate the warriors from the mass
mass (body) - (noun) the property of something that is great in magnitude - e.g. it is cheaper to buy it in bulk
mass (religious music) - (noun) a musical setting for a Mass - e.g. they played a Mass composed by Beethoven
mass (prayer) - (noun) a sequence of prayers constituting the Christian Eucharistic rite - e.g. the priest said Mass
mass (crowd) - (verb) join together into a mass or collect or form a mass - e.g. Crowds were massing outside the palace
mass (crowd) - (verb) formed of separate units gathered into a mass or whole - e.g. aggregate expenses include expenses of all divisions combined for the entire year
match (lighter) - (noun) lighter consisting of a thin piece of wood or cardboard tipped with combustible chemical; ignites with friction - e.g. he always carries matches to light his pipe
match (contest) - (noun) a formal contest in which two or more persons or teams compete - e.g.
match (lighter) - (noun) a burning piece of wood or cardboard - e.g. if you drop a match in there the whole place will explode
match (duplicate) - (noun) an exact duplicate - e.g. when a match is found an entry is made in the notebook
match (score) - (noun) the score needed to win a match - e.g.
match (score) - (noun) a person regarded as a good matrimonial prospect - e.g.
match (score) - (noun) a person who is of equal standing with another in a group - e.g.
match (score) - (noun) a pair of people who live together - e.g. a married couple from Chicago
match (counterpart) - (noun) something that resembles or harmonizes with - e.g. that tie makes a good match with your jacket
match (equal) - (verb) be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics - e.g. The two stories don't agree in many details
match (supply) - (verb) provide funds complementary to - e.g. The company matched the employees' contributions
match (join) - (verb) bring two objects, ideas, or people together - e.g. This fact is coupled to the other one
match (join) - (verb) be equal to in quality or ability - e.g. Nothing can rival cotton for durability
match (adjust) - (verb) make correspond or harmonize - e.g. Match my sweater
match (adjust) - (verb) satisfy or fulfill - e.g. meet a need
match (join) - (verb) give or join in marriage - e.g.
match (join) - (verb) set into opposition or rivalry - e.g. let them match their best athletes against ours
match (adjust) - (verb) be equal or harmonize - e.g. The two pieces match
match (adjust) - (verb) make equal, uniform, corresponding, or matching - e.g. let's equalize the duties among all employees in this office
material (substance) - (noun) the tangible substance that goes into the makeup of a physical object - e.g. coal is a hard black material
material (information) - (noun) information (data or ideas or observations) that can be used or reworked into a finished form - e.g. the archives provided rich material for a definitive biography
material (information) - (noun) artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synthetic fibers - e.g. the fabric in the curtains was light and semitransparent
material (equipment) - (noun) things needed for doing or making something - e.g. writing materials
material (applicant) - (noun) a person judged suitable for admission or employment - e.g. he was university material
may (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following April and preceding June - e.g.
may (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) thorny Eurasian shrub of small tree having dense clusters of white to scarlet flowers followed by deep red berries; established as an escape in eastern North America - e.g.
meal (nutriment) - (noun) the food served and eaten at one time - e.g.
meal (occasion) - (noun) any of the occasions for eating food that occur by custom or habit at more or less fixed times - e.g.
meal (foodstuff) - (noun) coarsely ground foodstuff; especially seeds of various cereal grasses or pulse - e.g.
measure (maneuver) - (noun) any maneuver made as part of progress toward a goal - e.g. the situation called for strong measures
measure (abstraction) - (noun) how much there is or how many there are of something that you can quantify - e.g.
measure (abstraction) - (noun) a statute in draft before it becomes law - e.g. they held a public hearing on the bill
measure (activity) - (noun) the act or process of assigning numbers to phenomena according to a rule - e.g. the measurements were carefully done
measure (activity) - (noun) a basis for comparison; a reference point against which other things can be evaluated - e.g. the schools comply with federal standards
measure (activity) - (noun) (prosody) the accent in a metrical foot of verse - e.g.
measure (musical notation) - (noun) musical notation for a repeating pattern of musical beats - e.g. the orchestra omitted the last twelve bars of the song
measure (musical notation) - (noun) measuring instrument having a sequence of marks at regular intervals; used as a reference in making measurements - e.g.
measure (container) - (noun) a container of some standard capacity that is used to obtain fixed amounts of a substance - e.g.
measure (decide) - (verb) determine the measurements of something or somebody, take measurements of - e.g. Measure the length of the wall
measure (decide) - (verb) express as a number or measure or quantity - e.g. Can you quantify your results?
measure (be) - (verb) have certain dimensions - e.g. This table surfaces measures 20inches by 36 inches
measure (evaluate) - (verb) evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of - e.g. I will have the family jewels appraised by a professional
meat (food) - (noun) the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food - e.g.
meat (food) - (noun) the inner and usually edible part of a seed or grain or nut or fruit stone - e.g. black walnut kernels are difficult to get out of the shell
meat (food) - (noun) the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience - e.g. the gist of the prosecutor's argument
meat (food) - (noun) a thorough physical examination; includes a variety of tests depending on the age and sex and health of the person - e.g.
meeting (gathering) - (noun) a formally arranged gathering - e.g. next year the meeting will be in Chicago
meeting (social gathering) - (noun) a small informal social gathering - e.g. there was an informal meeting in my living room
meeting (convergence) - (noun) a casual or unexpected convergence - e.g. he still remembers their meeting in Paris
meeting (assembly) - (noun) the social act of assembling for some common purpose - e.g. his meeting with the salesmen was the high point of his day
meeting (assembly) - (noun) the act of joining together as one - e.g. the merging of the two groups occurred quickly
meeting (assembly) - (noun) a place where things merge or flow together (especially rivers) - e.g. Pittsburgh is located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers
meeting (assembly) - (noun) come together - e.g. I'll probably see you at the meeting
meeting (assembly) - (noun) get together socially or for a specific purpose - e.g.
meeting (assembly) - (noun) be adjacent or come together - e.g. The lines converge at this point
meeting (assembly) - (noun) fill or meet a want or need - e.g.
meeting (assembly) - (noun) satisfy a condition or restriction - e.g. Does this paper meet the requirements for the degree?
meeting (assembly) - (noun) satisfy or fulfill - e.g. meet a need
meeting (assembly) - (noun) collect in one place - e.g. We assembled in the church basement
meeting (assembly) - (noun) get to know; get acquainted with - e.g. I met this really handsome guy at a bar last night!
meeting (assembly) - (noun) meet by design; be present at the arrival of - e.g. Can you meet me at the train station?
meeting (assembly) - (noun) contend against an opponent in a sport, game, or battle - e.g. Princeton plays Yale this weekend
meeting (assembly) - (noun) experience as a reaction - e.g. My proposal met with much opposition
meeting (assembly) - (noun) undergo or suffer - e.g. meet a violent death
meeting (assembly) - (noun) be in direct physical contact with; make contact - e.g. The two buildings touch
melon (edible fruit) - (noun) any of numerous fruits of the gourd family having a hard rind and sweet juicy flesh - e.g.
melon (gourd) - (noun) any of various fruit of cucurbitaceous vines including: muskmelons; watermelons; cantaloupes; cucumbers - e.g.
memory (representation) - (noun) something that is remembered - e.g. search as he would, the memory was lost
memory (basic cognitive process) - (noun) the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered - e.g. he can do it from memory
memory (faculty) - (noun) the power of retaining and recalling past experience - e.g. he had a good memory when he was younger
memory (hardware) - (noun) an electronic memory device - e.g. a memory and the CPU form the central part of a computer to which peripherals are attached
memory (cognitive psychology) - (noun) the area of cognitive psychology that studies memory processes - e.g. he taught a graduate course on learning and memory
metal (chemical element) - (noun) any of several chemical elements that are usually shiny solids that conduct heat or electricity and can be formed into sheets etc. - e.g.
metal (chemical element) - (noun) a mixture containing two or more metallic elements or metallic and nonmetallic elements usually fused together or dissolving into each other when molten - e.g. brass is an alloy of zinc and copper
metal (coat) - (verb) cover with metal - e.g.
metal (coat) - (verb) an area that is approximately central within some larger region - e.g. it is in the center of town
middle (part) - (noun) an intermediate part or section - e.g. A whole is that which has beginning, middle, and end"- Aristotle
middle (area) - (noun) the middle area of the human torso (usually in front) - e.g. young American women believe that a bare midriff is fashionable
middle (point) - (noun) time between the beginning and the end of a temporal period - e.g. the middle of the war
middle (put) - (verb) put in the middle - e.g.
middle (put) - (verb) being neither at the beginning nor at the end in a series - e.g. adolescence is an awkward in-between age
middle (put) - (verb) equally distant from the extremes - e.g.
military (force) - (noun) the military forces of a nation - e.g. their military is the largest in the region
milk (beverage) - (noun) a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human beings - e.g.
milk (liquid body substance) - (noun) produced by mammary glands of female mammals for feeding their young - e.g.
mind (cognition) - (noun) that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason - e.g. his mind wandered
mind (recall) - (noun) recall or remembrance - e.g. it came to mind
mind (recall) - (noun) an opinion formed by judging something - e.g. he was reluctant to make his judgment known
mind (recall) - (noun) an important intellectual - e.g. the great minds of the 17th century
mind (notice) - (noun) attention - e.g. don't pay him any mind
mind (purpose) - (noun) your intention; what you intend to do - e.g. he had in mind to see his old teacher
mind (intelligence) - (noun) knowledge and intellectual ability - e.g. he reads to improve his mind
mind (object) - (verb) be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by - e.g. I don't mind your behavior
mind (think about) - (verb) be concerned with or about something or somebody - e.g.
mind (think about) - (verb) be in charge of or deal with - e.g. She takes care of all the necessary arrangements
mind (think about) - (verb) pay close attention to; give heed to - e.g. Heed the advice of the old men
mind (think about) - (verb) be on one's guard; be cautious or wary about; be alert to - e.g. Beware of telephone salesmen
mind (remember) - (verb) keep in mind - e.g.
mine (excavation) - (noun) excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted - e.g.
mine (explosive device) - (noun) explosive device that explodes on contact; designed to destroy vehicles or ships or to kill or maim personnel - e.g.
mine (exploit) - (verb) get from the earth by excavation - e.g. mine ores and metals
mine (reinforce) - (verb) lay mines - e.g. The Vietnamese mined Cambodia
mine (reinforce) - (verb) (often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent - e.g. a batch of letters
mint (herb) - (noun) any north temperate plant of the genus Mentha with aromatic leaves and small mauve flowers - e.g.
mint (labiatae) - (noun) any member of the mint family of plants - e.g.
mint (herb) - (noun) the leaves of a mint plant used fresh or candied - e.g.
mint (candy) - (noun) a candy that is flavored with a mint oil - e.g.
mint (plant) - (noun) a plant where money is coined by authority of the government - e.g.
mint (create from raw material) - (verb) form by stamping, punching, or printing - e.g. strike coins
minute (time unit) - (noun) a unit of time equal to 60 seconds or 1/60th of an hour - e.g. he ran a 4 minute mile
minute (time unit) - (noun) an indefinitely short time - e.g. wait just a moment
minute (time unit) - (noun) a particular point in time - e.g. the moment he arrived the party began
minute (angular unit) - (noun) a unit of angular distance equal to a 60th of a degree - e.g.
minute (note) - (noun) a short note - e.g. the secretary keeps the minutes of the meeting
minute (note) - (noun) distance measured by the time taken to cover it - e.g. we live an hour from the airport
minute (note) - (noun) infinitely or immeasurably small - e.g. two minute whiplike threads of protoplasm
mist (fog) - (noun) a thin fog with condensation near the ground - e.g.
mist (cover) - (verb) become covered with mist - e.g. The windshield misted over
mist (cover) - (verb) make less visible or unclear - e.g. The stars are obscured by the clouds
mist (spray) - (verb) spray finely or cover with mist - e.g.
mist (spray) - (verb) a slight but appreciable amount - e.g. this dish could use a touch of garlic
mite (acarine) - (noun) any of numerous very small to minute arachnids often infesting animals or plants or stored foods - e.g.
mite (acarine) - (noun) mix together different elements - e.g. The colors blend well
mite (acarine) - (noun) open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups - e.g. This school is completely desegregated
mite (acarine) - (noun) combine (electronic signals) - e.g. mixing sounds
mite (acarine) - (noun) add as an additional element or part - e.g. mix water into the drink
mite (acarine) - (noun) to bring or combine together or with something else - e.g. resourcefully he mingled music and dance
mite (acarine) - (noun) mix so as to make a random order or arrangement - e.g. shuffle the cards
mite (acarine) - (noun) consisting of a haphazard assortment of different kinds - e.g. an arrangement of assorted spring flowers
mite (acarine) - (noun) involving or composed of different races - e.g. interracial schools
molasses (syrup) - (noun) thick dark syrup produced by boiling down juice from sugar cane; especially during sugar refining - e.g.
molasses (syrup) - (noun) the distinctive form in which a thing is made - e.g. pottery of this cast was found throughout the region
mold (container) - (noun) container into which liquid is poured to create a given shape when it hardens - e.g.
mold (soil) - (noun) loose soil rich in organic matter - e.g.
mold (soil) - (noun) the process of becoming mildewed - e.g.
mold (fungus) - (noun) a fungus that produces a superficial growth on various kinds of damp or decaying organic matter - e.g.
mold (dessert) - (noun) a dish or dessert that is formed in or on a mold - e.g. a lobster mold
mold (hallmark) - (noun) a distinctive nature, character, or type - e.g. a leader in the mold of her predecessors
mold (sculpture) - (noun) sculpture produced by molding - e.g.
mold (sculpture) - (noun) form in clay, wax, etc - e.g. model a head with clay
mold (change) - (verb) become moldy; spoil due to humidity - e.g. The furniture molded in the old house
mold (change) - (verb) form by pouring (e.g., wax or hot metal) into a cast or mold - e.g. cast a bronze sculpture
mold (change) - (verb) make something, usually for a specific function - e.g. She molded the rice balls carefully
mold (cling) - (verb) fit tightly, follow the contours of - e.g. The dress molds her beautiful figure
mold (cling) - (verb) shape or influence; give direction to - e.g. experience often determines ability
money (medium of exchange) - (noun) the most common medium of exchange; functions as legal tender - e.g. we tried to collect the money he owed us
money (wealth) - (noun) wealth reckoned in terms of money - e.g. all his money is in real estate
money (currency) - (noun) the official currency issued by a government or national bank - e.g. he changed his money into francs
monkey (primate) - (noun) any of various long-tailed primates (excluding the prosimians) - e.g.
monkey (primate) - (noun) one who is playfully mischievous - e.g.
monkey (primate) - (noun) play around with or alter or falsify, usually secretively or dishonestly - e.g. Someone tampered with the documents on my desk
monkey (primate) - (noun) do random, unplanned work or activities or spend time idly - e.g. The old lady is usually mucking about in her little house
monkey (primate) - (noun) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year - e.g. he paid the bill last month
month (time unit) - (noun) a time unit of approximately 30 days - e.g. he was given a month to pay the bill
moon (time unit) - (noun) large northern deer with enormous flattened antlers in the male; called `elk' in Europe and `moose' in North America - e.g.
morning (time period) - (noun) the time period between dawn and noon - e.g. I spent the morning running errands
morning (time period) - (noun) a conventional expression of greeting or farewell - e.g.
morning (time period) - (noun) the first light of day - e.g. we got up before dawn
morning (time period) - (noun) the earliest period - e.g. the dawn of civilization
mosquito (dipterous insect) - (noun) two-winged insect whose female has a long proboscis to pierce the skin and suck the blood of humans and animals - e.g.
moss (bryophyte) - (noun) tiny leafy-stemmed flowerless plants - e.g.
moth (lepidopterous insect) - (noun) typically crepuscular or nocturnal insect having a stout body and feathery or hairlike antennae - e.g.
mother (parent) - (noun) a woman who has given birth to a child (also used as a term of address to your mother) - e.g. the mother of three children
mother (yeast) - (noun) a stringy slimy substance consisting of yeast cells and bacteria; forms during fermentation and is added to cider or wine to produce vinegar - e.g.
mother (old woman) - (noun) a term of address for an elderly woman - e.g.
mother (abbess) - (noun) a term of address for a mother superior - e.g.
mother (inspiration) - (noun) a condition that is the inspiration for an activity or situation - e.g. necessity is the mother of invention
mother (care) - (verb) care for like a mother - e.g. She fusses over her husband
mother (care) - (verb) make children - e.g. Abraham begot Isaac
mother (care) - (verb) the use of movements (especially of the hands) to communicate familiar or prearranged signals - e.g.
mother (care) - (verb) a natural event that involves a change in the position or location of something - e.g.
motion (change) - (noun) a change of position that does not entail a change of location - e.g. the reflex motion of his eyebrows revealed his surprise
motion (state) - (noun) a state of change - e.g. they were in a state of steady motion
motion (proposal) - (noun) a formal proposal for action made to a deliberative assembly for discussion and vote - e.g. he made a motion to adjourn
motion (change) - (noun) the act of changing location from one place to another - e.g. police controlled the motion of the crowd
motion (change) - (noun) an optical illusion of motion produced by viewing a rapid succession of still pictures of a moving object - e.g. the cinema relies on apparent motion
motion (change) - (noun) show, express or direct through movement - e.g. He gestured his desire to leave
mountain (natural elevation) - (noun) a land mass that projects well above its surroundings; higher than a hill - e.g.
mountain (natural elevation) - (noun) (often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent - e.g. a batch of letters
mouse (rodent) - (noun) any of numerous small rodents typically resembling diminutive rats having pointed snouts and small ears on elongated bodies with slender usually hairless tails - e.g.
mouse (rodent) - (noun) a swollen bruise caused by a blow to the eye - e.g.
mouse (person) - (noun) person who is quiet or timid - e.g.
mouse (electronic device) - (noun) a hand-operated electronic device that controls the coordinates of a cursor on your computer screen as you move it around on a pad; on the bottom of the device is a ball that rolls on the s... - e.g. a mouse takes much more room than a trackball
mouse (electronic device) - (noun) to go stealthily or furtively - e.g. ..stead of sneaking around spying on the neighbor's house
mouse (manipulate) - (verb) manipulate the mouse of a computer - e.g.
mouth (rima) - (noun) the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge - e.g. he stuffed his mouth with candy
mouth (orifice) - (noun) the externally visible part of the oral cavity on the face and the system of organs surrounding the opening - e.g. she wiped lipstick from her mouth
mouth (opening) - (noun) an opening that resembles a mouth (as of a cave or a gorge) - e.g. he rode into the mouth of the canyon
mouth (geological formation) - (noun) the point where a stream issues into a larger body of water - e.g. New York is at the mouth of the Hudson
mouth (eater) - (noun) a person conceived as a consumer of food - e.g. he has four mouths to feed
mouth (spokesperson) - (noun) a spokesperson (as a lawyer) - e.g.
mouth (spokesperson) - (noun) an impudent or insolent rejoinder - e.g. don't give me any of your sass
mouth (opening) - (noun) the opening of a jar or bottle - e.g. the jar had a wide mouth
mouth (opening) - (noun) express in speech - e.g. She talks a lot of nonsense
mouth (feign) - (verb) articulate silently; form words with the lips only - e.g. She mouthed a swear word
mouth (touch) - (verb) touch with the mouth - e.g.
move (decision) - (noun) the act of deciding to do something - e.g. he didn't make a move to help
move (change) - (noun) the act of changing your residence or place of business - e.g. they say that three moves equal one fire
move (change) - (noun) a change of position that does not entail a change of location - e.g. the reflex motion of his eyebrows revealed his surprise
move (change) - (noun) the act of changing location from one place to another - e.g. police controlled the motion of the crowd
move (turn) - (noun) (game) a player's turn to take some action permitted by the rules of the game - e.g.
move (turn) - (noun) change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically - e.g. How fast does your new car go?
much (large indefinite quantity) - (noun) a great amount or extent - e.g. they did much for humanity
muscle (contractile organ) - (noun) one of the contractile organs of the body - e.g.
muscle (animal tissue) - (noun) animal tissue consisting predominantly of contractile cells - e.g.
muscle (bully) - (noun) a bully employed as a thug or bodyguard - e.g. the drug lord had his muscleman to protect him
muscle (authority) - (noun) authority or power or force (especially when used in a coercive way) - e.g. the senators used their muscle to get the party leader to resign
muscle (authority) - (noun) possessing muscular strength - e.g.
muscle (pass) - (verb) make one's way by force - e.g. He muscled his way into the office
mushroom (agaric) - (noun) common name for an edible agaric (contrasting with the inedible toadstool) - e.g.
mushroom (agaric) - (noun) mushrooms and related fleshy fungi (including toadstools, puffballs, morels, coral fungi, etc.) - e.g.
mushroom (basidiomycete) - (noun) any of various fleshy fungi of the subdivision Basidiomycota consisting of a cap at the end of a stem arising from an underground mycelium - e.g.
mushroom (cloud) - (noun) a large cloud of rubble and dust shaped like a mushroom and rising into the sky after an explosion (especially of a nuclear bomb) - e.g.
mushroom (vegetable) - (noun) fleshy body of any of numerous edible fungi - e.g.
mushroom (pick) - (verb) pick or gather mushrooms - e.g. We went mushrooming in the Fall
mushroom (grow) - (verb) grow and spread fast - e.g. The problem mushroomed
music (auditory communication) - (noun) an artistic form of auditory communication incorporating instrumental or vocal tones in a structured and continuous manner - e.g.
music (sound) - (noun) any agreeable (pleasing and harmonious) sounds - e.g. he fell asleep to the music of the wind chimes
music (activity) - (noun) musical activity (singing or whistling etc.) - e.g. his music was his central interest
music (sound) - (noun) (music) the sounds produced by singers or musical instruments (or reproductions of such sounds) - e.g.
music (punishment) - (noun) punishment for one's actions - e.g. you have to face the music
nail (horny structure) - (noun) horny plate covering and protecting part of the dorsal surface of the digits - e.g.
nail (fastener) - (noun) a thin pointed piece of metal that is hammered into materials as a fastener - e.g.
nail (linear unit) - (noun) a former unit of length for cloth equal to 1/16 of a yard - e.g.
nail (attach) - (verb) attach something somewhere by means of nails - e.g. nail the board onto the wall
nail (attach) - (verb) take into custody - e.g. the police nabbed the suspected criminals
nail (attach) - (verb) hit hard - e.g. He smashed a 3-run homer
nail (succeed) - (verb) succeed in obtaining a position - e.g. He nailed down a spot at Harvard
nail (succeed) - (verb) succeed at easily - e.g. She sailed through her exams
nail (succeed) - (verb) locate exactly - e.g. can you pinpoint the position of the enemy?
nail (succeed) - (verb) complete a pass - e.g.
name (language unit) - (noun) a language unit by which a person or thing is known - e.g. his name really is George Washington
name (repute) - (noun) a person's reputation - e.g. he wanted to protect his good name
name (family) - (noun) family based on male descent - e.g. he had no sons and there was no one to carry on his name
name (important person) - (noun) a well-known or notable person - e.g. they studied all the great names in the history of France
name (sanction) - (noun) by the sanction or authority of - e.g. halt in the name of the law
name (defamation) - (noun) a defamatory or abusive word or phrase - e.g.
name (label) - (verb) assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to - e.g. They named their son David
name (denote) - (verb) give the name or identifying characteristics of; refer to by name or some other identifying characteristic property - e.g. Many senators were named in connection with the scandal
name (appoint) - (verb) charge with a function; charge to be - e.g. She was named Head of the Committee
name (appoint) - (verb) create and charge with a task or function - e.g. nominate a committee
name (specify) - (verb) mention and identify by name - e.g. name your accomplices!
name (specify) - (verb) make reference to - e.g. His name was mentioned in connection with the invention
name (specify) - (verb) identify as in botany or biology, for example - e.g.
name (specify) - (verb) give or make a list of; name individually; give the names of - e.g. List the states west of the Mississippi
name (specify) - (verb) determine or distinguish the nature of a problem or an illness through a diagnostic analysis - e.g.
narrow (strait) - (noun) a narrow strait connecting two bodies of water - e.g.
narrow (change) - (verb) make or become more narrow or restricted - e.g. The selection was narrowed
narrow (change) - (verb) define clearly - e.g. I cannot narrow down the rules for this game
narrow (change) - (verb) become more focus on an area of activity or field of study - e.g. She specializes in Near Eastern history
narrow (change) - (verb) become tight or as if tight - e.g. Her throat constricted
narrow (change) - (verb) a politically organized body of people under a single government - e.g. the state has elected a new president
nation (people) - (noun) the people who live in a nation or country - e.g. a statement that sums up the nation's mood
natural (achiever) - (noun) someone regarded as certain to succeed - e.g. he's a natural for the job
natural (musical notation) - (noun) a notation cancelling a previous sharp or flat - e.g.
natural (cast) - (noun) (craps) a first roll of 7 or 11 that immediately wins the stake - e.g.
natural (cast) - (noun) move towards - e.g. We were approaching our destination
near (cast) - (noun) anything indispensable - e.g. food and shelter are necessities of life
neck (external body part) - (noun) the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest of the body - e.g. he admired her long graceful neck
neck (land) - (noun) a narrow elongated projecting strip of land - e.g.
neck (cut) - (noun) a cut of meat from the neck of an animal - e.g.
neck (part) - (noun) a narrow part of an artifact that resembles a neck in position or form - e.g. the banjo had a long neck
neck (opening) - (noun) an opening in a garment for the neck of the wearer; a part of the garment near the wearer's neck - e.g.
neck (pet) - (verb) kiss, embrace, or fondle with sexual passion - e.g. The couple were necking in the back seat of the car
need (condition) - (noun) a condition requiring relief - e.g. she satisfied his need for affection
need (necessity) - (noun) anything that is necessary but lacking - e.g. he had sufficient means to meet his simple needs
need (necessity) - (noun) the psychological feature that arouses an organism to action toward a desired goal; the reason for the action; that which gives purpose and direction to behavior - e.g. we did not understand his motivation
need (necessity) - (noun) a state of extreme poverty or destitution - e.g. their indigence appalled him
need (necessity) - (noun) require as useful, just, or proper - e.g. It takes nerve to do what she did
need (necessity) - (noun) have need of - e.g. This piano wants the attention of a competent tuner
need (necessity) - (noun) the leaf of a conifer - e.g.
needle (pointer) - (noun) a slender pointer for indicating the reading on the scale of a measuring instrument - e.g.
needle (implement) - (noun) a sharp pointed implement (usually steel) - e.g.
needle (implement) - (noun) a stylus that formerly made sound by following a groove in a phonograph record - e.g.
needle (harass) - (verb) goad or provoke,as by constant criticism - e.g. He needled her with his sarcastic remarks
needle (prickle) - (verb) prick with a needle - e.g.
nerve (fiber bundle) - (noun) any bundle of nerve fibers running to various organs and tissues of the body - e.g.
nerve (fiber bundle) - (noun) the courage to carry on - e.g. he kept fighting on pure spunk
nerve (fiber bundle) - (noun) impudent aggressiveness - e.g. I couldn't believe her boldness
nerve (fiber bundle) - (noun) get ready for something difficult or unpleasant - e.g.
nerve (fiber bundle) - (noun) a computer network consisting of a worldwide network of computer networks that use the TCP/IP network protocols to facilitate data transmission and exchange - e.g.
net (trap) - (noun) a trap made of netting to catch fish or birds or insects - e.g.
net (income) - (noun) the excess of revenues over outlays in a given period of time (including depreciation and other non-cash expenses) - e.g.
net (goal) - (noun) a goal lined with netting (as in soccer or hockey) - e.g.
net (game equipment) - (noun) game equipment consisting of a strip of netting dividing the playing area in tennis or badminton - e.g.
net (fabric) - (noun) an open fabric of string or rope or wire woven together at regular intervals - e.g.
net (profit) - (verb) make as a net profit - e.g. The company cleared $1 million
net (yield) - (verb) yield as a net profit - e.g. This sale netted me $1 million
net (yield) - (verb) construct or form a web, as if by weaving - e.g.
net (catch) - (verb) catch with a net - e.g. net a fish
news (information) - (noun) information about recent and important events - e.g. they awaited news of the outcome
news (information) - (noun) information reported in a newspaper or news magazine - e.g. the news of my death was greatly exaggerated
news (broadcast) - (noun) a program devoted to current events, often using interviews and commentary - e.g. we watch the 7 o'clock news every night
news (information) - (noun) informal information of any kind that is not previously known to someone - e.g. it was news to me
news (interest) - (noun) the quality of being sufficiently interesting to be reported in news bulletins - e.g. the judge conceded the newsworthiness of the trial
night (time period) - (noun) the time after sunset and before sunrise while it is dark outside - e.g.
night (time period) - (noun) a period of ignorance or backwardness or gloom - e.g.
night (time period) - (noun) the period spent sleeping - e.g. I had a restless night
night (time unit) - (noun) the dark part of the diurnal cycle considered a time unit - e.g. three nights later he collapsed
night (dark) - (noun) darkness - e.g. it vanished into the night
night (twilight) - (noun) a shortening of nightfall - e.g. they worked from morning to night
night (time period) - (noun) the time between sunset and midnight - e.g. he watched television every night
night (time period) - (noun) Roman goddess of night; daughter of Erebus; counterpart of Greek Nyx - e.g.
no (negative) - (noun) a negative - e.g. his no was loud and clear
no (chemical element) - (noun) a radioactive transuranic element synthesized by bombarding curium with carbon ions; 7 isotopes are known - e.g.
noise (sound) - (noun) sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound) - e.g. he enjoyed the street noises
noise (sound) - (noun) the auditory experience of sound that lacks musical quality; sound that is a disagreeable auditory experience - e.g. modern music is just noise to me
noise (trouble) - (noun) electrical or acoustic activity that can disturb communication - e.g.
noise (cry) - (noun) a loud outcry of protest or complaint - e.g. the announcement of the election recount caused a lot of noise
noise (incomprehensibility) - (noun) incomprehensibility resulting from irrelevant information or meaningless facts or remarks - e.g. all the noise in his speech concealed the fact that he didn't have anything to say
noise (incomprehensibility) - (noun) the quality of lacking any predictable order or plan - e.g.
noise (incomprehensibility) - (noun) emit a noise - e.g.
noise (incomprehensibility) - (noun) something regarded as a normative example - e.g. the convention of not naming the main character
nose (chemoreceptor) - (noun) the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part of the face of man or other mammals - e.g. he has a cold in the nose
nose (front) - (noun) a front that resembles a human nose (especially the front of an aircraft) - e.g. the nose of the rocket heated up on reentry
nose (front) - (noun) the front or forward projection of a tool or weapon - e.g. he ducked under the nose of the gun
nose (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) a small distance - e.g. my horse lost the race by a nose
nose (symbol) - (noun) a symbol of inquisitiveness - e.g. keep your nose out of it
nose (smell) - (noun) the sense of smell (especially in animals) - e.g. the hound has a good nose
nose (skill) - (noun) a natural skill - e.g. he has a nose for good deals
nose (skill) - (noun) a projecting spout from which a fluid is discharged - e.g.
nose (skill) - (noun) search or inquire in a meddlesome way - e.g. This guy is always nosing around the office
nose (advance) - (verb) advance the forward part of with caution - e.g. She nosed the car into the left lane
nose (advance) - (verb) catch the scent of; get wind of - e.g. The dog nosed out the drugs
nose (push) - (verb) push or move with the nose - e.g.
nose (push) - (verb) rub noses - e.g.
nose (get the better of) - (verb) defeat by a narrow margin - e.g.
note (written record) - (noun) a brief written record - e.g. he made a note of the appointment
note (personal letter) - (noun) a short personal letter - e.g. drop me a line when you get there
note (musical notation) - (noun) a notation representing the pitch and duration of a musical sound - e.g. the singer held the note too long
note (tone) - (noun) a tone of voice that shows what the speaker is feeling - e.g. there was a note of uncertainty in his voice
note (air) - (noun) a characteristic emotional quality - e.g. it ended on a sour note
note (air) - (noun) a piece of paper money (especially one issued by a central bank) - e.g. he peeled off five one-thousand-zloty notes
note (comment) - (noun) a comment or instruction (usually added) - e.g. his notes were appended at the end of the article
note (comment) - (noun) high status importance owing to marked superiority - e.g. a scholar of great eminence
note (debt instrument) - (noun) a promise to pay a specified amount on demand or at a certain time - e.g. I had to co-sign his note at the bank
note (state) - (verb) make mention of - e.g. She observed that his presentation took up too much time
note (state) - (verb) notice or perceive - e.g. She noted that someone was following her
now (present) - (noun) the momentary present - e.g. Now is a good time to do it
number (amount) - (noun) the property possessed by a sum or total or indefinite quantity of units or individuals - e.g. he had a number of chores to do
number (definite quantity) - (noun) a concept of quantity involving zero and units - e.g. every number has a unique position in the sequence
number (definite quantity) - (noun) a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program - e.g. he did his act three times every evening
number (definite quantity) - (noun) the number is used in calling a particular telephone - e.g. he has an unlisted number
number (definite quantity) - (noun) a symbol used to represent a number - e.g. he learned to write the numerals before he went to school
number (definite quantity) - (noun) one of a series published periodically - e.g. she found an old issue of the magazine in her dentist's waiting room
number (company) - (noun) a select company of people - e.g. I hope to become one of their number before I die
number (positive identification) - (noun) a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification - e.g. she refused to give them her Social Security number
number (size) - (noun) a clothing measurement - e.g. a number 13 shoe
number (grammatical category) - (noun) the grammatical category for the forms of nouns and pronouns and verbs that are used depending on the number of entities involved (singular or dual or plural) - e.g. in English the subject and the verb must agree in number
number (merchandise) - (noun) an item of merchandise offered for sale - e.g. she preferred the black nylon number
number (merchandise) - (noun) add up in number or quantity - e.g. The bills amounted to $2,000
number (designate) - (verb) give numbers to - e.g. You should number the pages of the thesis
number (name) - (verb) enumerate - e.g. We must number the names of the great mathematicians
number (name) - (verb) put into a group - e.g. The academy counts several Nobel Prize winners among its members
number (name) - (verb) determine the number or amount of - e.g. Can you count the books on your shelf?
number (limit) - (verb) place a limit on the number of - e.g.
nut (seed) - (noun) usually large hard-shelled seed - e.g.
oak (wood) - (noun) the hard durable wood of any oak; used especially for furniture and flooring - e.g.
oak (tree) - (noun) a deciduous tree of the genus Quercus; has acorns and lobed leaves - e.g. great oaks grow from little acorns
oak (tree) - (noun) annual grass of Europe and North Africa; grains used as food and fodder (referred to primarily in the plural: `oats') - e.g.
oak (tree) - (noun) seed of the annual grass Avena sativa (spoken of primarily in the plural as `oats') - e.g.
observation (measurement) - (noun) the act of making and recording a measurement - e.g.
observation (look) - (noun) the act of observing; taking a patient look - e.g.
observation (remark) - (noun) a remark expressing careful consideration - e.g.
observation (fact) - (noun) facts learned by observing - e.g. he reported his observations to the mayor
observation (fact) - (noun) the act of noticing or paying attention - e.g. he escaped the notice of the police
octopus (seafood) - (noun) tentacles of octopus prepared as food - e.g.
octopus (octopod) - (noun) bottom-living cephalopod having a soft oval body with eight long tentacles - e.g.
octopus (octopod) - (noun) kill intentionally and with premeditation - e.g. The mafia boss ordered his enemies murdered
offer (speech act) - (noun) the verbal act of offering - e.g. a generous offer of assistance
offer (message) - (noun) something offered (as a proposal or bid) - e.g. noteworthy new offerings for investors included several index funds
offer (message) - (noun) a usually brief attempt - e.g. he took a crack at it
offer (supply) - (verb) make available or accessible, provide or furnish - e.g. The conference center offers a health spa
offer (give) - (verb) present for acceptance or rejection - e.g. She offered us all a cold drink
offer (give) - (verb) agree freely - e.g. She volunteered to drive the old lady home
offer (project) - (verb) put forward for consideration - e.g. He offered his opinion
offer (give) - (verb) offer verbally - e.g. extend my greetings
offer (market) - (verb) make available for sale - e.g. The stores are offering specials on sweaters this week
office (place of business) - (noun) place of business where professional or clerical duties are performed - e.g. he rented an office in the new building
office (place of business) - (noun) an administrative unit of government - e.g. the Central Intelligence Agency
office (place of business) - (noun) the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group - e.g. the function of a teacher
office (state) - (noun) (of a government or government official) holding an office means being in power - e.g. being in office already gives a candidate a great advantage
office (staff) - (noun) professional or clerical workers in an office - e.g. the whole office was late the morning of the blizzard
office (rite) - (noun) a religious rite or service prescribed by ecclesiastical authorities - e.g. the offices of the mass
office (rite) - (noun) a job in an organization - e.g. he occupied a post in the treasury
oil (lipid) - (noun) a slippery or viscous liquid or liquefiable substance not miscible with water - e.g.
oil (oil paint) - (noun) oil paint containing pigment that is used by an artist - e.g.
oil (oil paint) - (noun) a dark oil consisting mainly of hydrocarbons - e.g.
oil (oil paint) - (noun) any of a group of liquid edible fats that are obtained from plants - e.g.
oil (cover) - (verb) cover with oil, as if by rubbing - e.g. oil the wooden surface
oil (cover) - (verb) administer an oil or ointment to; often in a religious ceremony of blessing - e.g.
old (past) - (noun) past times (especially in the phrase `in days of old') - e.g.
onion (bulb) - (noun) the bulb of an onion plant - e.g.
onion (alliaceous plant) - (noun) bulbous plant having hollow leaves cultivated worldwide for its rounded edible bulb - e.g.
onion (vegetable) - (noun) an aromatic flavorful vegetable - e.g.
onion (vegetable) - (noun) being the only one; single and isolated from others - e.g. the lone doctor in the entire county
onion (vegetable) - (noun) exclusive of anyone or anything else - e.g. she alone believed him
onion (vegetable) - (noun) and nothing more - e.g. I was merely asking
onion (vegetable) - (noun) without any others being included or involved - e.g. was entirely to blame
open (area) - (noun) a clear or unobstructed space or expanse of land or water - e.g. finally broke out of the forest into the open
open (area) - (noun) where the air is unconfined - e.g. he wanted to get outdoors a little
open (tournament) - (noun) a tournament in which both professionals and amateurs may play - e.g.
open (public knowledge) - (noun) information that has become public - e.g. all the reports were out in the open
operation (action) - (noun) the state of being in effect or being operative - e.g. that rule is no longer in operation
operation (business activity) - (noun) a business especially one run on a large scale - e.g. a large-scale farming operation
operation (activity) - (noun) a planned activity involving many people performing various actions - e.g. they organized a rescue operation
operation (data processing) - (noun) (computer science) data processing in which the result is completely specified by a rule (especially the processing that results from a single instruction) - e.g. it can perform millions of operations per second
operation (activity) - (noun) activity by a military or naval force (as a maneuver or campaign) - e.g. it was a joint operation of the navy and air force
operation (medical procedure) - (noun) a medical procedure involving an incision with instruments; performed to repair damage or arrest disease in a living body - e.g. they will schedule the operation as soon as an operating room is available
operation (work) - (noun) a process or series of acts especially of a practical or mechanical nature involved in a particular form of work - e.g. the operations in building a house
operation (process) - (noun) process or manner of functioning or operating - e.g. the power of its engine determines its operation
operation (process) - (noun) (psychology) the performance of some composite cognitive activity; an operation that affects mental contents - e.g. the process of thinking
operation (process) - (noun) (mathematics) calculation by mathematical methods - e.g. the problems at the end of the chapter demonstrated the mathematical processes involved in the derivation
operation (activity) - (noun) the activity of operating something (a machine or business etc.) - e.g. her smooth operation of the vehicle gave us a surprisingly comfortable ride
opinion (belief) - (noun) a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty - e.g. my opinion differs from yours
opinion (message) - (noun) a message expressing a belief about something; the expression of a belief that is held with confidence but not substantiated by positive knowledge or proof - e.g. his opinions appeared frequently on the editorial page
opinion (message) - (noun) a belief or sentiment shared by most people; the voice of the people - e.g. he asked for a poll of public opinion
opinion (legal document) - (noun) the legal document stating the reasons for a judicial decision - e.g. opinions are usually written by a single judge
opinion (judgment) - (noun) the reason for a court's judgment (as opposed to the decision itself) - e.g.
opinion (judgment) - (noun) a vague idea in which some confidence is placed - e.g. his impression of her was favorable
opinion (judgment) - (noun) a word that expresses a meaning opposed to the meaning of another word, in which case the two words are antonyms of each other - e.g. to him the antonym of `gay' was `depressed'
opinion (judgment) - (noun) a relation of direct opposition - e.g. we thought Sue was older than Bill but just the reverse was true
opinion (judgment) - (noun) a contestant that you are matched against - e.g.
opinion (judgment) - (noun) something inverted in sequence or character or effect - e.g. when the direct approach failed he tried the inverse
orange (citrus) - (noun) round yellow to orange fruit of any of several citrus trees - e.g.
orange (chromatic color) - (noun) orange color or pigment; any of a range of colors between red and yellow - e.g.
orange (citrus) - (noun) any citrus tree bearing oranges - e.g.
orange (pigment) - (noun) any pigment producing the orange color - e.g.
orchid (flower) - (noun) any of numerous plants of the orchid family usually having flowers of unusual shapes and beautiful colors - e.g.
order (command) - (noun) (often plural) a command given by a superior (e.g., a military or law enforcement officer) that must be obeyed - e.g. the British ships dropped anchor and waited for orders from London
order (magnitude) - (noun) a degree in a continuum of size or quantity - e.g. it was on the order of a mile
order (state) - (noun) established customary state (especially of society) - e.g. order ruled in the streets
order (arrangement) - (noun) logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements - e.g. we shall consider these questions in the inverse order of their presentation
order (condition) - (noun) a condition of regular or proper arrangement - e.g. he put his desk in order
order (condition) - (noun) a legally binding command or decision entered on the court record (as if issued by a court or judge) - e.g. a friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there
order (commercial document) - (noun) a commercial document used to request someone to supply something in return for payment and providing specifications and quantities - e.g. IBM received an order for a hundred computers
order (commercial document) - (noun) a formal association of people with similar interests - e.g. he joined a golf club
order (rule) - (noun) a body of rules followed by an assembly - e.g.
order (rule) - (noun) (usually plural) the status or rank or office of a Christian clergyman in an ecclesiastical hierarchy - e.g. theologians still disagree over whether `bishop' should or should not be a separate Order
order (sect) - (noun) a group of person living under a religious rule - e.g. the order of Saint Benedict
order (taxonomic group) - (noun) (biology) taxonomic group containing one or more families - e.g.
order (request) - (noun) a request for something to be made, supplied, or served - e.g. I gave the waiter my order
order (artistic style) - (noun) (architecture) one of original three styles of Greek architecture distinguished by the type of column and entablature used or a style developed from the original three by the Romans - e.g.
order (organization) - (noun) the act of putting things in a sequential arrangement - e.g. there were mistakes in the ordering of items on the list
order (request) - (verb) give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority - e.g. I said to him to go home
order (request) - (verb) make a request for something - e.g. Order me some flowers
order (inflict) - (verb) issue commands or orders for - e.g.
order (inflict) - (verb) bring into conformity with rules or principles or usage; impose regulations - e.g. We cannot regulate the way people dress
order (arrange) - (verb) bring order to or into - e.g. Order these files
order (arrange) - (verb) place in a certain order - e.g. order the photos chronologically
order (arrange) - (verb) appoint to a clerical posts - e.g. he was ordained in the Church
order (arrange) - (verb) arrange thoughts, ideas, temporal events - e.g. arrange my schedule
order (arrange) - (verb) assign a rank or rating to - e.g. how would you rank these students?
organization (social group) - (noun) a group of people who work together - e.g.
organization (social group) - (noun) an organized structure for arranging or classifying - e.g. he changed the arrangement of the topics
organization (social group) - (noun) the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body for the purpose of administering something - e.g. he claims that the present administration is corrupt
organization (administration) - (noun) the act of organizing a business or an activity related to a business - e.g. he was brought in to supervise the organization of a new department
organization (orderliness) - (noun) an ordered manner; orderliness by virtue of being methodical and well organized - e.g. his compulsive organization was not an endearing quality
organization (activity) - (noun) the activity or result of distributing or disposing persons or things properly or methodically - e.g. his organization of the work force was very efficient
organization (activity) - (noun) the act of forming or establishing something - e.g. the constitution of a PTA group last year
organization (activity) - (noun) something used to beautify - e.g.
organization (activity) - (noun) make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc. - e.g. Decorate the room for the party
ornament (deck) - (verb) be an ornament to - e.g. stars ornamented the Christmas tree
ostrich (person) - (noun) a person who refuses to face reality or recognize the truth (a reference to the popular notion that the ostrich hides from danger by burying its head in the sand) - e.g.
ostrich (ratite) - (noun) fast-running African flightless bird with two-toed feet; largest living bird - e.g.
otter (fur) - (noun) the fur of an otter - e.g.
otter (musteline mammal) - (noun) freshwater carnivorous mammal having webbed and clawed feet and dark brown fur - e.g.
out (failure) - (noun) (baseball) a failure by a batter or runner to reach a base safely in baseball - e.g. you only get 3 outs per inning
out (failure) - (noun) to state openly and publicly one's homosexuality - e.g. This actor outed last year
out (unwrap) - (verb) reveal (something) about somebody's identity or lifestyle - e.g. The gay actor was outed last week
oven (kitchen appliance) - (noun) kitchen appliance used for baking or roasting - e.g.
over (part) - (noun) (cricket) the division of play during which six balls are bowled at the batsman by one player from the other team from the same end of the pitch - e.g.
over (part) - (noun) having come or been brought to a conclusion - e.g. the harvesting was complete
owl (bird of prey) - (noun) nocturnal bird of prey with hawk-like beak and claws and large head with front-facing eyes - e.g.
owner (businessman) - (noun) (law) someone who owns (is legal possessor of) a business - e.g. he is the owner of a chain of restaurants
owner (person) - (noun) a person who owns something - e.g. they are searching for the owner of the car
oyster (bivalve) - (noun) marine mollusks having a rough irregular shell; found on the sea bed mostly in coastal waters - e.g.
oyster (bivalve) - (noun) edible body of any of numerous oysters - e.g.
oyster (helping) - (noun) a small muscle on each side of the back of a fowl - e.g.
oyster (gather) - (verb) gather oysters, dig oysters - e.g.
oyster (bivalve) - (noun) marine mollusks having a rough irregular shell; found on the sea bed mostly in coastal waters - e.g.
oyster (bivalve) - (noun) edible body of any of numerous oysters - e.g.
oyster (helping) - (noun) a small muscle on each side of the back of a fowl - e.g.
oyster (gather) - (verb) gather oysters, dig oysters - e.g.
page (leaf) - (noun) one side of one leaf (of a book or magazine or newspaper or letter etc.) or the written or pictorial matter it contains - e.g.
pain (symptom) - (noun) a symptom of some physical hurt or disorder - e.g. the patient developed severe pain and distension
pain (feeling) - (noun) emotional distress; a fundamental feeling that people try to avoid - e.g. the pain of loneliness
pain (somesthesia) - (noun) a somatic sensation of acute discomfort - e.g. as the intensity increased the sensation changed from tickle to pain
pain (unpleasant person) - (noun) a bothersome annoying person - e.g. that kid is a terrible pain
pain (unpleasant person) - (noun) something or someone that causes trouble; a source of unhappiness - e.g. washing dishes was a nuisance before we got a dish washer
pain (unpleasant person) - (noun) cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed - e.g.
pain (upset) - (verb) cause emotional anguish or make miserable - e.g. It pains me to see my children not being taught well in school
paint (coating) - (noun) a substance used as a coating to protect or decorate a surface (especially a mixture of pigment suspended in a liquid); dries to form a hard coating - e.g. artists use `paint' and `pigment' interchangeably
paint (coating) - (noun) (basketball) a space (including the foul line) in front of the basket at each end of a basketball court; usually painted a different color from the rest of the court - e.g. he hit a jump shot from the top of the key
paint (coating) - (noun) makeup consisting of a pink or red powder applied to the cheeks - e.g.
paint (create) - (verb) make a painting - e.g. he painted all day in the garden
paint (coat) - (verb) apply paint to; coat with paint - e.g. We painted the rooms yellow
paint (represent) - (verb) make a painting of - e.g. He painted his mistress many times
paint (cover) - (verb) apply a liquid to; e.g., paint the gutters with linseed oil - e.g.
palm (area) - (noun) the inner surface of the hand from the wrist to the base of the fingers - e.g.
palm (linear unit) - (noun) a linear unit based on the length or width of the human hand - e.g.
palm (tree) - (noun) any plant of the family Palmae having an unbranched trunk crowned by large pinnate or palmate leaves - e.g.
palm (tree) - (noun) an award for winning a championship or commemorating some other event - e.g.
palm (tree) - (noun) touch, lift, or hold with the hands - e.g. Don't handle the merchandise
paper (material) - (noun) a material made of cellulose pulp derived mainly from wood or rags or certain grasses - e.g.
paper (material) - (noun) an essay (especially one written as an assignment) - e.g. he got an A on his composition
paper (material) - (noun) a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articles and advertisements - e.g. he read his newspaper at breakfast
paper (medium) - (noun) a medium for written communication - e.g. the notion of an office running without paper is absurd
paper (article) - (noun) a scholarly article describing the results of observations or stating hypotheses - e.g. he has written many scientific papers
paper (article) - (noun) a business firm that publishes newspapers - e.g. Murdoch owns many newspapers
paper (article) - (noun) the physical object that is the product of a newspaper publisher - e.g. when it began to rain he covered his head with a newspaper
paper (cover) - (verb) cover with paper - e.g. paper the box
paper (cover) - (verb) cover with wallpaper - e.g.
paper (cover) - (verb) something having the property of being analogous to something else - e.g.
paper (cover) - (verb) an imaginary line around the Earth parallel to the equator - e.g.
parallel (figure) - (noun) (mathematics) one of a set of parallel geometric figures (parallel lines or planes) - e.g. parallels never meet
parallel (match) - (verb) be parallel to - e.g. Their roles are paralleled by ours
parallel (change) - (verb) make or place parallel to something - e.g. They paralleled the ditch to the highway
parallel (change) - (verb) duplicate or match - e.g. The polished surface twinned his face and chest in reverse
parallel (change) - (verb) a wrapped container - e.g.
parcel (allotment) - (noun) the allotment of some amount by dividing something - e.g. death gets more than its share of attention from theologians
parcel (allotment) - (noun) an extended area of land - e.g.
parcel (allotment) - (noun) a collection of things wrapped or boxed together - e.g.
parcel (divide) - (verb) divide into parts - e.g. The developers parceled the land
parcel (cover) - (verb) cover with strips of canvas - e.g. parcel rope
parcel (wrap) - (verb) make into a wrapped container - e.g.
parrot (bird) - (noun) usually brightly colored zygodactyl tropical birds with short hooked beaks and the ability to mimic sounds - e.g.
parrot (copycat) - (noun) a copycat who does not understand the words or acts being imitated - e.g.
parrot (repeat) - (verb) repeat mindlessly - e.g. The students parroted the teacher's words
part (relation) - (noun) something determined in relation to something that includes it - e.g. he wanted to feel a part of something bigger than himself
part (object) - (noun) something less than the whole of a human artifact - e.g. the rear part of the house
part (thing) - (noun) a portion of a natural object - e.g. they analyzed the river into three parts
part (concern) - (noun) that which concerns a person with regard to a particular role or situation - e.g. it requires vigilance on our part
part (concern) - (noun) the extended spatial location of something - e.g. the farming regions of France
part (concern) - (noun) the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group - e.g. the function of a teacher
part (concern) - (noun) an actor's portrayal of someone in a play - e.g. she played the part of Desdemona
part (concern) - (noun) assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group - e.g. he wanted his share in cash
part (concept) - (noun) one of the portions into which something is regarded as divided and which together constitute a whole - e.g. the written part of the exam
part (line) - (noun) a line of scalp that can be seen when sections of hair are combed in opposite directions - e.g. his part was right in the middle
part (tune) - (noun) the melody carried by a particular voice or instrument in polyphonic music - e.g. he tried to sing the tenor part
part (tune) - (noun) the part played by a person in bringing about a result - e.g. I am proud of my contribution in advancing the project
part (tune) - (noun) go one's own way; move apart - e.g. The friends separated after the party
part (tune) - (noun) discontinue an association or relation; go different ways - e.g. The business partners broke over a tax question
part (tune) - (noun) leave - e.g. The family took off for Florida
part (tune) - (noun) come apart - e.g. The two pieces that we had glued separated
part (tune) - (noun) force, take, or pull apart - e.g. He separated the fighting children
past (time) - (noun) the time that has elapsed - e.g. forget the past
past (time period) - (noun) a earlier period in someone's life (especially one that they have reason to keep secret) - e.g. reporters dug into the candidate's past
past (tense) - (noun) a verb tense that expresses actions or states in the past - e.g.
pasta (dish) - (noun) a dish that contains pasta as its main ingredient - e.g.
pasta (food) - (noun) shaped and dried dough made from flour and water and sometimes egg - e.g.
paste (composition) - (noun) any mixture of a soft and malleable consistency - e.g.
paste (lead glass) - (noun) a hard, brilliant lead glass that is used in making artificial jewelry - e.g.
paste (adhesive material) - (noun) an adhesive made from water and flour or starch; used on paper and paperboard - e.g.
paste (adhesive material) - (noun) a tasty mixture to be spread on bread or crackers or used in preparing other dishes - e.g.
paste (adhesive material) - (noun) join or attach with or as if with glue - e.g. paste the sign on the wall
paste (beat) - (verb) hit with the fists - e.g. He pasted his opponent
paste (cover) - (verb) cover the surface of - e.g. paste the wall with burlap
payment (cost) - (noun) a sum of money paid or a claim discharged - e.g.
payment (commerce) - (noun) the act of paying money - e.g.
payment (commerce) - (noun) an act of requiting; returning in kind - e.g.
pea (legume) - (noun) seed of a pea plant used for food - e.g.
pea (legume) - (noun) the fruit or seed of a pea plant - e.g.
pea (legume) - (noun) a leguminous plant of the genus Pisum with small white flowers and long green pods containing edible green seeds - e.g.
peace (order) - (noun) the state prevailing during the absence of war - e.g.
peace (harmony) - (noun) harmonious relations; freedom from disputes - e.g. the roommates lived in peace together
peace (tranquillity) - (noun) the absence of mental stress or anxiety - e.g.
peace (security) - (noun) the general security of public places - e.g. he was arrested for disturbing the peace
peace (treaty) - (noun) a treaty to cease hostilities - e.g. peace came on November 11th
peach (fruit tree) - (noun) cultivated in temperate regions - e.g.
peach (fruit tree) - (noun) a very attractive or seductive looking woman - e.g.
peach (drupe) - (noun) downy juicy fruit with sweet yellowish or whitish flesh - e.g.
peach (drupe) - (noun) a shade of pink tinged with yellow - e.g.
peach (drupe) - (noun) divulge confidential information or secrets - e.g. Be careful--his secretary talks
pear (edible fruit) - (noun) sweet juicy gritty-textured fruit available in many varieties - e.g.
pear (fruit tree) - (noun) Old World tree having sweet gritty-textured juicy fruit; widely cultivated in many varieties - e.g.
pelican (pelecaniform seabird) - (noun) large long-winged warm-water seabird having a large bill with a distensible pouch for fish - e.g.
pen (writing implement) - (noun) a writing implement with a point from which ink flows - e.g.
pen (enclosure) - (noun) an enclosure for confining livestock - e.g.
pen (enclosure) - (noun) a portable enclosure in which babies may be left to play - e.g.
pen (correctional institution) - (noun) a correctional institution for those convicted of major crimes - e.g.
pen (swan) - (noun) female swan - e.g.
pen (swan) - (noun) produce a literary work - e.g. She composed a poem
pencil (writing implement) - (noun) a thin cylindrical pointed writing implement; a rod of marking substance encased in wood - e.g.
pencil (graphite) - (noun) graphite (or a similar substance) used in such a way as to be a medium of communication - e.g. the words were scribbled in pencil
pencil (figure) - (noun) a figure formed by a set of straight lines or light rays meeting at a point - e.g.
pencil (cosmetic) - (noun) a cosmetic in a long thin stick; designed to be applied to a particular part of the face - e.g. an eyebrow pencil
pencil (draw) - (verb) write, draw, or trace with a pencil - e.g. he penciled a figure
pepper (true pepper) - (noun) climber having dark red berries (peppercorns) when fully ripe; southern India and Sri Lanka; naturalized in northern Burma and Assam - e.g.
pepper (true pepper) - (noun) any of various tropical plants of the genus Capsicum bearing peppers - e.g.
pepper (flavorer) - (noun) pungent seasoning from the berry of the common pepper plant of East India; use whole or ground - e.g.
pepper (solanaceous vegetable) - (noun) sweet and hot varieties of fruits of plants of the genus Capsicum - e.g.
pepper (zest) - (verb) add pepper to - e.g. pepper the soup
pepper (attack) - (verb) attack and bombard with or as if with missiles - e.g. pelt the speaker with questions
perch (support) - (noun) support consisting of a branch or rod that serves as a resting place (especially for a bird) - e.g.
perch (linear unit) - (noun) a linear measure of 16.5 feet - e.g.
perch (area unit) - (noun) a square rod of land - e.g.
perch (seat) - (noun) an elevated place serving as a seat - e.g.
perch (freshwater fish) - (noun) any of numerous fishes of America and Europe - e.g.
perch (percoid fish) - (noun) spiny-finned freshwater food and game fishes - e.g.
perch (percoid fish) - (noun) any of numerous spiny-finned fishes of various families of the order Perciformes - e.g.
perch (sit) - (verb) sit, as on a branch - e.g. The birds perched high in the tree
perch (sit) - (verb) to come to rest, settle - e.g. Misfortune lighted upon him
perch (put) - (verb) cause to perch or sit - e.g. She perched her hat on her head
person (organism) - (noun) a human being - e.g. there was too much for one person to do
person (human body) - (noun) a human body (usually including the clothing) - e.g. a weapon was hidden on his person
person (grammatical category) - (noun) a grammatical category used in the classification of pronouns, possessive determiners, and verb forms according to whether they indicate the speaker, the addressee, or a third party - e.g. stop talking about yourself in the third person
pet (animal) - (noun) a domesticated animal kept for companionship or amusement - e.g.
pet (animal) - (noun) a special loved one - e.g.
pet (irritability) - (noun) a fit of petulance or sulkiness (especially at what is felt to be a slight) - e.g.
pet (irritability) - (noun) using a computerized radiographic technique to examine the metabolic activity in various tissues (especially in the brain) - e.g.
pet (caress) - (verb) stroke or caress gently - e.g. pet the lamb
pet (caress) - (verb) stroke or caress in an erotic manner, as during lovemaking - e.g.
pet (caress) - (verb) preferred above all others and treated with partiality - e.g. the favored child
picture (representation) - (noun) a visual representation (of an object or scene or person or abstraction) produced on a surface - e.g. they showed us the pictures of their wedding
picture (representation) - (noun) graphic art consisting of an artistic composition made by applying paints to a surface - e.g. a small painting by Picasso
picture (representation) - (noun) a clear and telling mental image - e.g. he described his mental picture of his assailant
picture (situation) - (noun) a situation treated as an observable object - e.g. the political picture is favorable
picture (illustration) - (noun) illustrations used to decorate or explain a text - e.g. the dictionary had many pictures
picture (illustration) - (noun) a form of entertainment that enacts a story by sound and a sequence of images giving the illusion of continuous movement - e.g. they went to a movie every Saturday night
picture (illustration) - (noun) the visible part of a television transmission - e.g. they could still receive the sound but the picture was gone
picture (illustration) - (noun) a graphic or vivid verbal description - e.g. too often the narrative was interrupted by long word pictures
picture (typification) - (noun) a typical example of some state or quality - e.g. the very picture of a modern general
picture (typification) - (noun) a representation of a person or scene in the form of a print or transparent slide; recorded by a camera on light-sensitive material - e.g.
picture (typification) - (noun) imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind - e.g. I can't see him on horseback!
picture (represent) - (verb) show in, or as in, a picture - e.g. This scene depicts country life
pie (pastry) - (noun) dish baked in pastry-lined pan often with a pastry top - e.g.
pie (pastry) - (noun) a prehistoric unrecorded language that was the ancestor of all Indo-European languages - e.g.
pie (pastry) - (noun) domestic swine - e.g.
pie (pastry) - (noun) a coarse obnoxious person - e.g.
pie (pastry) - (noun) a person regarded as greedy and pig-like - e.g.
pie (pastry) - (noun) uncomplimentary terms for a policeman - e.g.
pig (mold) - (noun) mold consisting of a bed of sand in which pig iron is cast - e.g.
pig (ingot) - (noun) a crude block of metal (lead or iron) poured from a smelting furnace - e.g.
pig (live) - (verb) live like a pig, in squalor - e.g.
pig (live) - (verb) eat greedily - e.g. he devoured three sandwiches
pig (live) - (verb) give birth - e.g. sows farrow
pin (jewelry) - (noun) a piece of jewelry that is pinned onto the wearer's garment - e.g.
pin (jewelry) - (noun) when a wrestler's shoulders are forced to the mat - e.g.
pin (jewelry) - (noun) small markers inserted into a surface to mark scores or define locations etc. - e.g.
pin (jewelry) - (noun) a number you choose and use to gain access to various accounts - e.g.
pin (leg) - (noun) informal terms for the leg - e.g. fever left him weak on his sticks
pin (leg) - (noun) axis consisting of a short shaft that supports something that turns - e.g.
pin (tumbler) - (noun) cylindrical tumblers consisting of two parts that are held in place by springs; when they are aligned with a key the bolt can be thrown - e.g.
pin (golf equipment) - (noun) flagpole used to mark the position of the hole on a golf green - e.g.
pin (fastener) - (noun) a small slender (often pointed) piece of wood or metal used to support or fasten or attach things - e.g.
pin (fastener) - (noun) a holder attached to the gunwale of a boat that holds the oar in place and acts as a fulcrum for rowing - e.g.
pin (fastener) - (noun) a club-shaped wooden object used in bowling; set up in triangular groups of ten as the target - e.g.
pin (fastener) - (noun) to hold fast or prevent from moving - e.g. The child was pinned under the fallen tree
pin (fasten) - (verb) attach or fasten with pins or as if with pins - e.g. pin the needle to the shirt". "pin the blame on the innocent man
pin (transfix) - (verb) pierce with a pin - e.g. pin down the butterfly
pin (attack) - (verb) immobilize a piece - e.g.
pine (conifer) - (noun) a coniferous tree - e.g.
pine (wood) - (noun) straight-grained durable and often resinous white to yellowish timber of any of numerous trees of the genus Pinus - e.g.
pine (wood) - (noun) have a desire for something or someone who is not present - e.g. She ached for a cigarette
pipe (tube) - (noun) a tube with a small bowl at one end; used for smoking tobacco - e.g.
pipe (tube) - (noun) a long tube made of metal or plastic that is used to carry water or oil or gas etc. - e.g.
pipe (cylinder) - (noun) a hollow cylindrical shape - e.g.
pipe (wind instrument) - (noun) a tubular wind instrument - e.g.
pipe (wind instrument) - (noun) the flues and stops on a pipe organ - e.g.
pipe (wind instrument) - (noun) utter a shrill cry - e.g.
pipe (transport) - (verb) transport by pipeline - e.g. pipe oil, water, and gas into the desert
pipe (play) - (verb) play on a pipe - e.g. pipe a tune
pipe (decorate) - (verb) trim with piping - e.g. pipe the skirt
pipe (decorate) - (verb) a point located with respect to surface features of some region - e.g. this is a nice place for a picnic
place (geographical area) - (noun) any area set aside for a particular purpose - e.g. who owns this place?
place (cognition) - (noun) an abstract mental location - e.g. he has a special place in my thoughts
place (vicinity) - (noun) a general vicinity - e.g. He comes from a place near Chicago
place (vicinity) - (noun) the post or function properly or customarily occupied or served by another - e.g. can you go in my stead?
place (situation) - (noun) a particular situation - e.g. If you were in my place what would you do?
place (situation) - (noun) where you live at a particular time - e.g. deliver the package to my home
place (situation) - (noun) a job in an organization - e.g. he occupied a post in the treasury
place (situation) - (noun) the particular portion of space occupied by something - e.g. he put the lamp back in its place
place (social station) - (noun) proper or designated social situation - e.g. he overstepped his place
place (social station) - (noun) a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) - e.g. he booked their seats in advance
place (passage) - (noun) the passage that is being read - e.g. he lost his place on the page
place (condition) - (noun) proper or appropriate position or location - e.g. a woman's place is no longer in the kitchen
place (condition) - (noun) a public square with room for pedestrians - e.g. they met at Elm Plaza
place (item) - (noun) an item on a list or in a sequence - e.g. in the second place
place (item) - (noun) a blank area - e.g. write your name in the space provided
place (item) - (noun) put into a certain place or abstract location - e.g. Put your things here
place (delegate) - (verb) place somebody in a particular situation or location - e.g. he was placed on probation
place (delegate) - (verb) assign a rank or rating to - e.g. how would you rank these students?
place (delegate) - (verb) assign a location to - e.g. The company located some of their agents in Los Angeles
place (order) - (verb) to arrange for - e.g. place a phone call
place (rank) - (verb) take a place in a competition; often followed by an ordinal - e.g. Jerry came in third in the Marathon
place (rank) - (verb) intend (something) to move towards a certain goal - e.g. He aimed his fists towards his opponent's face
place (rank) - (verb) recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something - e.g. She identified the man on the 'wanted' poster
place (delegate) - (verb) assign to (a job or a home) - e.g.
place (delegate) - (verb) locate - e.g. The film is set in Africa
place (estimate) - (verb) estimate - e.g. We put the time of arrival at 8 P.M.
place (situate) - (verb) identify the location or place of - e.g. We localized the source of the infection
place (situate) - (verb) make an investment - e.g. Put money into bonds
place (situate) - (verb) assign to a station - e.g.
place (race) - (verb) finish second or better in a horse or dog race - e.g. he bet $2 on number six to place
place (sing) - (verb) sing a note with the correct pitch - e.g.
place (sing) - (verb) an aircraft that has a fixed wing and is powered by propellers or jets - e.g. the flight was delayed due to trouble with the airplane
plane (shape) - (noun) (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape - e.g. we will refer to the plane of the graph as the X-Y plane
plane (degree) - (noun) a level of existence or development - e.g. he lived on a worldly plane
plane (power tool) - (noun) a power tool for smoothing or shaping wood - e.g.
plane (edge tool) - (noun) a carpenter's hand tool with an adjustable blade for smoothing or shaping wood - e.g. the cabinetmaker used a plane for the finish work
plane (cut) - (verb) cut or remove with or as if with a plane - e.g. The machine shaved off fine layers from the piece of wood
plane (glide) - (verb) travel on the surface of water - e.g.
plane (smooth) - (verb) make even or smooth, with or as with a carpenter's plane - e.g. plane the top of the door
plane (smooth) - (verb) having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another - e.g. a flat desk
plant (building complex) - (noun) buildings for carrying on industrial labor - e.g. they built a large plant to manufacture automobiles
plant (organism) - (noun) (botany) a living organism lacking the power of locomotion - e.g.
plant (actor) - (noun) an actor situated in the audience whose acting is rehearsed but seems spontaneous to the audience - e.g.
plant (contrivance) - (noun) something planted secretly for discovery by another - e.g. the police used a plant to trick the thieves
plant (put) - (verb) put or set (seeds, seedlings, or plants) into the ground - e.g. Let's plant flowers in the garden
plant (put) - (verb) fix or set securely or deeply - e.g. He planted a knee in the back of his opponent
plant (put) - (verb) set up or lay the groundwork for - e.g. establish a new department
plant (stock) - (verb) place into a river - e.g. plant fish
plant (put) - (verb) place something or someone in a certain position in order to secretly observe or deceive - e.g. Plant a spy in Moscow
plant (communicate) - (verb) put firmly in the mind - e.g. Plant a thought in the students' minds
plant (communicate) - (verb) (baseball) base consisting of a rubber slab where the batter stands; it must be touched by a base runner in order to score - e.g. he ruled that the runner failed to touch home
plate (sheet) - (noun) a sheet of metal or wood or glass or plastic - e.g.
plate (illustration) - (noun) a full-page illustration (usually on slick paper) - e.g.
plate (flatware) - (noun) dish on which food is served or from which food is eaten - e.g.
plate (containerful) - (noun) the quantity contained in a plate - e.g.
plate (crust) - (noun) a rigid layer of the Earth's crust that is believed to drift slowly - e.g.
plate (cut of beef) - (noun) the thin under portion of the forequarter - e.g.
plate (entree) - (noun) a main course served on a plate - e.g. a vegetable plate
plate (structure) - (noun) any flat platelike body structure or part - e.g.
plate (anode) - (noun) the positively charged electrode in a vacuum tube - e.g.
plate (sheet) - (noun) a flat sheet of metal or glass on which a photographic image can be recorded - e.g.
plate (structural member) - (noun) structural member consisting of a horizontal beam that provides bearing and anchorage - e.g.
plate (receptacle) - (noun) a shallow receptacle for collection in church - e.g.
plate (shield) - (noun) a metal sheathing of uniform thickness (such as the shield attached to an artillery piece to protect the gunners) - e.g.
plate (shield) - (noun) a dental appliance that artificially replaces missing teeth - e.g.
plate (coat) - (verb) coat with a layer of metal - e.g. plate spoons with silver
play (dramatic composition) - (noun) a dramatic work intended for performance by actors on a stage - e.g. he wrote several plays but only one was produced on Broadway
play (show) - (noun) a theatrical performance of a drama - e.g. the play lasted two hours
play (plan of action) - (noun) a preset plan of action in team sports - e.g. the coach drew up the plays for her team
play (plan of action) - (noun) a deliberate coordinated movement requiring dexterity and skill - e.g. he made a great maneuver
play (action) - (noun) a state in which action is feasible - e.g. the ball was still in play
play (use) - (noun) utilization or exercise - e.g. the play of the imagination
play (use) - (noun) an attempt to get something - e.g. they made a futile play for power
play (diversion) - (noun) activity by children that is guided more by imagination than by fixed rules - e.g. Freud believed in the utility of play to a small child
play (measure) - (noun) (in games or plays or other performances) the time during which play proceeds - e.g. rain stopped play in the 4th inning
play (measure) - (noun) the removal of constraints - e.g. he gave free rein to his impulses
play (measure) - (noun) a weak and tremulous light - e.g. the shimmer of colors on iridescent feathers
play (measure) - (noun) verbal wit or mockery (often at another's expense but not to be taken seriously) - e.g. he became a figure of fun
play (measure) - (noun) movement or space for movement - e.g. there was too much play in the steering wheel
play (diversion) - (noun) gay or light-hearted recreational activity for diversion or amusement - e.g. it was all done in play
play (diversion) - (noun) (game) the activity of doing something in an agreed succession - e.g. it is my turn
play (diversion) - (noun) the act of playing for stakes in the hope of winning (including the payment of a price for a chance to win a prize) - e.g. his gambling cost him a fortune
play (action) - (noun) the act using a sword (or other weapon) vigorously and skillfully - e.g.
play (compete) - (verb) participate in games or sport - e.g. We played hockey all afternoon
play (act) - (verb) act or have an effect in a specified way or with a specific effect or outcome - e.g. This factor played only a minor part in his decision
play (perform) - (verb) play on an instrument - e.g. The band played all night long
play (perform) - (verb) play a role or part - e.g. Gielgud played Hamlet
play (act) - (verb) be at play; be engaged in playful activity; amuse oneself in a way characteristic of children - e.g. The kids were playing outside all day
play (re-create) - (verb) replay (as a melody) - e.g. Play it again, Sam
play (sound) - (verb) perform music on (a musical instrument) - e.g. He plays the flute
play (sound) - (verb) pretend to have certain qualities or state of mind - e.g. He acted the idiot
play (travel) - (verb) move or seem to move quickly, lightly, or irregularly - e.g. The spotlights played on the politicians
play (gamble) - (verb) bet or wager (money) - e.g. He played $20 on the new horse
please (satisfy) - (verb) give pleasure to or be pleasing to - e.g. These colors please the senses
please (wish) - (verb) be the will of or have the will (to) - e.g. he could do many things if he pleased
please (satisfy) - (verb) give satisfaction - e.g. The waiters around her aim to please
pleasure (feeling) - (noun) a fundamental feeling that is hard to define but that people desire to experience - e.g. he was tingling with pleasure
pleasure (feeling) - (noun) something or someone that provides a source of happiness - e.g. a joy to behold
pleasure (choice) - (noun) a formal expression - e.g. he serves at the pleasure of the President
pleasure (activity) - (noun) an activity that affords enjoyment - e.g. he puts duty before pleasure
pleasure (sexual activity) - (noun) sexual gratification - e.g. he took his pleasure of her
pleasure (sexual activity) - (noun) a group of seven bright stars in the constellation Ursa Major - e.g.
pleasure (sexual activity) - (noun) a farm tool having one or more heavy blades to break the soil and cut a furrow prior to sowing - e.g.
pleasure (sexual activity) - (noun) move in a way resembling that of a plow cutting into or going through the soil - e.g. The ship plowed through the water
pleasure (sexual activity) - (noun) to break and turn over earth especially with a plow - e.g. Farmer Jones plowed his east field last week
plow (tool) - (noun) a farm tool having one or more heavy blades to break the soil and cut a furrow prior to sowing - e.g.
plow (till) - (verb) to break and turn over earth especially with a plow - e.g. Farmer Jones plowed his east field last week
plow (till) - (verb) act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression - e.g. This book deals with incest
plow (travel) - (verb) move in a way resembling that of a plow cutting into or going through the soil - e.g. The ship plowed through the water
plum (fruit tree) - (noun) any of several trees producing edible oval fruit having a smooth skin and a single hard stone - e.g.
plum (drupe) - (noun) any of numerous varieties of small to medium-sized round or oval fruit having a smooth skin and a single pit - e.g.
plum (position) - (noun) a highly desirable position or assignment - e.g. a political plum
pocket (pouch) - (noun) a small pouch inside a garment for carrying small articles - e.g.
pocket (pouch) - (noun) an enclosed space - e.g. the trapped miners found a pocket of air
pocket (funds) - (noun) a supply of money - e.g. they dipped into the taxpayers' pockets
pocket (space) - (noun) (bowling) the space between the headpin and the pins behind it on the right or left - e.g. the ball hit the pocket and gave him a perfect strike
pocket (space) - (noun) a hollow concave shape made by removing something - e.g.
pocket (space) - (noun) a local region of low pressure or descending air that causes a plane to lose height suddenly - e.g.
pocket (people) - (noun) a small isolated group of people - e.g. they were concentrated in pockets inside the city
pocket (people) - (noun) (anatomy) saclike structure in any of various animals (as a marsupial or gopher or pelican) - e.g.
pocket (opening) - (noun) an opening at the corner or on the side of a billiard table into which billiard balls are struck - e.g.
pocket (take) - (verb) put in one's pocket - e.g. He pocketed the change
pocket (steal) - (verb) take unlawfully - e.g.
point (component) - (noun) a geometric element that has position but no extension - e.g. a point is defined by its coordinates
point (location) - (noun) the precise location of something; a spatially limited location - e.g. she walked to a point where she could survey the whole street
point (meaning) - (noun) a brief version of the essential meaning of something - e.g. get to the point
point (meaning) - (noun) an isolated fact that is considered separately from the whole - e.g. several of the details are similar
point (meaning) - (noun) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process - e.g. a remarkable degree of frankness
point (measure) - (noun) an instant of time - e.g. at that point I had to leave
point (aim) - (noun) the object of an activity - e.g. what is the point of discussing it?
point (convex shape) - (noun) a V shape - e.g. the cannibal's teeth were filed to sharp points
point (disk) - (noun) a very small circular shape - e.g. a row of points
point (unit of measurement) - (noun) the unit of counting in scoring a game or contest - e.g. he scored 20 points in the first half
point (promontory) - (noun) a promontory extending out into a large body of water - e.g. they sailed south around the point
point (promontory) - (noun) a distinct part that can be specified separately in a group of things that could be enumerated on a list - e.g. he noticed an item in the New York Times
point (relevance) - (noun) a style in speech or writing that arrests attention and has a penetrating or convincing quality or effect - e.g.
point (characteristic) - (noun) an outstanding characteristic - e.g. his acting was one of the high points of the movie
point (end) - (noun) sharp end - e.g. he stuck the point of the knife into a tree
point (end) - (noun) any of 32 horizontal directions indicated on the card of a compass - e.g. he checked the point on his compass
point (linear unit) - (noun) a linear unit used to measure the size of type; approximately 1/72 inch - e.g.
point (loan) - (noun) one percent of the total principal of a loan; it is paid at the time the loan is made and is independent of the interest on the loan - e.g.
point (loan) - (noun) a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations - e.g. in England they call a period a stop
point (mark) - (noun) a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer - e.g. the point of the arrow was due north
point (mark) - (noun) the dot at the left of a decimal fraction - e.g.
point (taper) - (noun) the property of a shape that tapers to a sharp tip - e.g.
point (characteristic) - (noun) a distinguishing or individuating characteristic - e.g. he knows my bad points as well as my good points
point (gun muzzle) - (noun) the gun muzzle's direction - e.g. he held me up at the point of a gun
point (wall socket) - (noun) a wall socket - e.g.
point (wall socket) - (noun) a contact in the distributor; as the rotor turns its projecting arm contacts them and current flows to the spark plugs - e.g.
point (wall socket) - (noun) indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively - e.g. I showed the customer the glove section
point (wall socket) - (noun) be oriented - e.g. The weather vane points North
point (wall socket) - (noun) direct into a position for use - e.g. point a gun
point (wall socket) - (noun) direct the course; determine the direction of travelling - e.g.
point (wall socket) - (noun) be a signal for or a symptom of - e.g. These symptoms indicate a serious illness
point (wall socket) - (noun) sail close to the wind - e.g.
point (tag) - (verb) mark (Hebrew words) with diacritics - e.g.
point (tag) - (verb) mark with diacritics - e.g. point the letter
point (tag) - (verb) mark (a psalm text) to indicate the points at which the music changes - e.g.
point (be) - (verb) be positionable in a specified manner - e.g. The gun points with ease
point (be) - (verb) intend (something) to move towards a certain goal - e.g. He aimed his fists towards his opponent's face
point (indicate) - (verb) indicate the presence of (game) by standing and pointing with the muzzle - e.g. the dog pointed the dead duck
point (indicate) - (verb) give a point to - e.g. The candles are tapered
point (repair) - (verb) repair the joints of bricks - e.g. point a chimney
poison (substance) - (noun) any substance that causes injury or illness or death of a living organism - e.g.
poison (destructiveness) - (noun) anything that harms or destroys - e.g. the poison of fascism
poison (corrupt) - (verb) spoil as if by poison - e.g. poison someone's mind
poison (kill) - (verb) kill with poison - e.g. She poisoned her husband
poison (change) - (verb) add poison to - e.g. Her husband poisoned her drink in order to kill her
poison (kill) - (verb) kill by its poison - e.g. This mushrooms can poison
poison (drug) - (verb) administer poison to - e.g. She poisoned her husband but he did not die
polish (smoothness) - (noun) the property of being smooth and shiny - e.g.
polish (perfection) - (noun) a highly developed state of perfection; having a flawless or impeccable quality - e.g. they performed with great polish
polish (formulation) - (noun) a preparation used in polishing - e.g.
polish (slavic) - (noun) the Slavic language of Poland - e.g.
polish (fancify) - (verb) make (a surface) shine - e.g. shine the silver, please
polish (better) - (verb) improve or perfect by pruning or polishing - e.g. refine one's style of writing
polish (perfect) - (verb) bring to a highly developed, finished, or refined state - e.g. polish your social manners
poor (people) - (noun) people without possessions or wealth (considered as a group) - e.g. the urban poor need assistance
poor (people) - (noun) deserving or inciting pity - e.g. a hapless victim
poplar (wood) - (noun) soft light-colored non-durable wood of the poplar - e.g.
poplar (angiospermous tree) - (noun) any of numerous trees of north temperate regions having light soft wood and flowers borne in catkins - e.g.
poppy (flower) - (noun) annual or biennial or perennial herbs having showy flowers - e.g.
porcupine (rodent) - (noun) relatively large rodents with sharp erectile bristles mingled with the fur - e.g.
pork (meat) - (noun) meat from a domestic hog or pig - e.g.
pork (appropriation) - (noun) a legislative appropriation designed to ingratiate legislators with their constituents - e.g.
porter (laborer) - (noun) a person employed to carry luggage and supplies - e.g.
porter (laborer) - (noun) someone who guards an entrance - e.g.
position (point) - (noun) the particular portion of space occupied by something - e.g. he put the lamp back in its place
position (point) - (noun) a point occupied by troops for tactical reasons - e.g.
position (orientation) - (noun) a way of regarding situations or topics etc. - e.g. consider what follows from the positivist view
position (bodily property) - (noun) the arrangement of the body and its limbs - e.g. he assumed an attitude of surrender
position (bodily property) - (noun) the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society - e.g. he had the status of a minor
position (occupation) - (noun) a job in an organization - e.g. he occupied a post in the treasury
position (relation) - (noun) the spatial property of a place where or way in which something is situated - e.g. the position of the hands on the clock
position (point) - (noun) the appropriate or customary location - e.g. the cars were in position
position (role) - (noun) (in team sports) the role assigned to an individual player - e.g. what position does he play?
position (role) - (noun) the act of putting something in a certain place - e.g.
position (role) - (noun) a condition or position in which you find yourself - e.g. the unpleasant situation (or position) of having to choose between two evils
position (attitude) - (noun) a rationalized mental attitude - e.g.
position (attitude) - (noun) an opinion that is held in opposition to another in an argument or dispute - e.g. there are two sides to every question
position (attitude) - (noun) an item on a list or in a sequence - e.g. in the second place
position (attitude) - (noun) the post or function properly or customarily occupied or served by another - e.g. can you go in my stead?
position (assumption) - (noun) the act of positing; an assumption taken as a postulate or axiom - e.g.
position (put) - (verb) cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation - e.g.
position (put) - (verb) put into a certain place or abstract location - e.g. Put your things here
possible (possibility) - (noun) something that can be done - e.g. politics is the art of the possible
possible (applicant) - (noun) an applicant who might be suitable - e.g.
pot (vessel) - (noun) metal or earthenware cooking vessel that is usually round and deep; often has a handle and lid - e.g.
pot (vessel) - (noun) a plumbing fixture for defecation and urination - e.g.
pot (containerful) - (noun) the quantity contained in a pot - e.g.
pot (container) - (noun) a container in which plants are cultivated - e.g.
pot (container) - (noun) (often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent - e.g. a batch of letters
pot (stake) - (noun) the cumulative amount involved in a game (such as poker) - e.g.
pot (belly) - (noun) slang for a paunch - e.g.
pot (potential divider) - (noun) a resistor with three terminals, the third being an adjustable center terminal; used to adjust voltages in radios and TV sets - e.g.
pot (cannabis) - (noun) street names for marijuana - e.g.
pot (implant) - (verb) plant in a pot - e.g. He potted the palm
potato (root vegetable) - (noun) an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland - e.g.
potato (vine) - (noun) annual native to South America having underground stolons bearing edible starchy tubers; widely cultivated as a garden vegetable; vines are poisonous - e.g.
powder (solid) - (noun) a solid substance in the form of tiny loose particles; a solid that has been pulverized - e.g.
powder (solid) - (noun) a mixture of potassium nitrate, charcoal, and sulfur in a 75:15:10 ratio which is used in gunnery, time fuses, and fireworks - e.g.
powder (toiletry) - (noun) any of various cosmetic or medical preparations dispensed in the form of a pulverized powder - e.g.
powder (disintegrate) - (verb) make into a powder by breaking up or cause to become dust - e.g. pulverize the grains
powder (make up) - (verb) apply powder to - e.g. She powdered her nose
power (quality) - (noun) possession of controlling influence - e.g. the deterrent power of nuclear weapons
power (physical phenomenon) - (noun) (physics) the rate of doing work; measured in watts (= joules/second) - e.g.
power (physical phenomenon) - (noun) possession of the qualities (especially mental qualities) required to do something or get something done - e.g. danger heightened his powers of discrimination
power (physical phenomenon) - (noun) (of a government or government official) holding an office means being in power - e.g. being in office already gives a candidate a great advantage
power (causal agent) - (noun) one possessing or exercising power or influence or authority - e.g. the mysterious presence of an evil power
power (causal agent) - (noun) a mathematical notation indicating the number of times a quantity is multiplied by itself - e.g.
power (causal agent) - (noun) physical strength - e.g.
power (causal agent) - (noun) a state powerful enough to influence events throughout the world - e.g.
power (causal agent) - (noun) a very wealthy or powerful businessman - e.g. an oil baron
power (provide) - (verb) supply the force or power for the functioning of - e.g. The gasoline powers the engines
present (time) - (noun) the period of time that is happening now; any continuous stretch of time including the moment of speech - e.g. that is enough for the present
present (gift) - (noun) something presented as a gift - e.g. his tie was a present from his wife
present (tense) - (noun) a verb tense that expresses actions or states at the time of speaking - e.g.
present (tense) - (noun) give an exhibition of to an interested audience - e.g. She shows her dogs frequently
present (state) - (verb) bring forward and present to the mind - e.g. We presented the arguments to him
present (state) - (verb) perform (a play), especially on a stage - e.g. we are going to stage `Othello'
present (give) - (verb) hand over formally - e.g.
present (constitute) - (verb) introduce - e.g. This poses an interesting question
present (constitute) - (verb) give, especially as an honor or reward - e.g. bestow honors and prizes at graduation
present (constitute) - (verb) give as a present; make a gift of - e.g. What will you give her for her birthday?
present (constitute) - (verb) deliver (a speech, oration, or idea) - e.g. The commencement speaker presented a forceful speech that impressed the students
present (constitute) - (verb) cause to come to know personally - e.g. permit me to acquaint you with my son
present (constitute) - (verb) represent abstractly, for example in a painting, drawing, or sculpture - e.g. The father is portrayed as a good-looking man in this painting
present (constitute) - (verb) present somebody with something, usually to accuse or criticize - e.g. We confronted him with the evidence
present (introduce) - (verb) formally present a debutante, a representative of a country, etc. - e.g.
present (introduce) - (verb) recognize with a gesture prescribed by a military regulation; assume a prescribed position - e.g. When the officers show up, the soldiers have to salute
present (introduce) - (verb) the property of having material worth (often indicated by the amount of money something would bring if sold) - e.g. the fluctuating monetary value of gold and silver
price (cost) - (noun) the amount of money needed to purchase something - e.g. the price of gasoline
price (value) - (noun) value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something - e.g. the cost in human life was enormous
price (worth) - (noun) the high value or worth of something - e.g. her price is far above rubies
price (reward) - (noun) a monetary reward for helping to catch a criminal - e.g. the cattle thief has a price on his head
price (cost) - (noun) cost of bribing someone - e.g. they say that every politician has a price
print (written communication) - (noun) the text appearing in a book, newspaper, or other printed publication - e.g. I want to see it in print
print (graphic art) - (noun) a picture or design printed from an engraving - e.g.
print (graphic art) - (noun) a visible indication made on a surface - e.g. some previous reader had covered the pages with dozens of marks
print (handiness) - (noun) availability in printed form - e.g. we've got to get that story into print
print (copy) - (noun) a copy of a movie on film (especially a particular version of it) - e.g.
print (fabric) - (noun) a fabric with a dyed pattern pressed onto it (usually by engraved rollers) - e.g.
print (fabric) - (noun) a printed picture produced from a photographic negative - e.g.
print (produce) - (verb) put into print - e.g. The newspaper published the news of the royal couple's divorce
print (write) - (verb) write as if with print; not cursive - e.g.
print (reproduce) - (verb) make into a print - e.g. print the negative
print (write) - (verb) reproduce by printing - e.g.
prison (correctional institution) - (noun) a correctional institution where persons are confined while on trial or for punishment - e.g.
prison (situation) - (noun) a prisonlike situation; a place of seeming confinement - e.g.
private (enlisted man) - (noun) an enlisted man of the lowest rank in the Army or Marines - e.g. our prisoner was just a private and knew nothing of value
probable (applicant) - (noun) an applicant likely to be chosen - e.g.
probable (applicant) - (noun) a particular course of action intended to achieve a result - e.g. the procedure of obtaining a driver's license
process (cognition) - (noun) (psychology) the performance of some composite cognitive activity; an operation that affects mental contents - e.g. the process of thinking
process (cognition) - (noun) a writ issued by authority of law; usually compels the defendant's attendance in a civil suit; failure to appear results in a default judgment against the defendant - e.g.
process (cognition) - (noun) a mental process that you are not directly aware of - e.g. the process of denial
process (body part) - (noun) a natural prolongation or projection from a part of an organism either animal or plant - e.g. a bony process
process (physical entity) - (noun) a sustained phenomenon or one marked by gradual changes through a series of states - e.g. events now in process
process (affect) - (verb) subject to a process or treatment, with the aim of readying for some purpose, improving, or remedying a condition - e.g. process cheese
process (manage) - (verb) deal with in a routine way - e.g. I'll handle that one
process (calculate) - (verb) perform mathematical and logical operations on (data) according to programmed instructions in order to obtain the required information - e.g. The results of the elections were still being processed when he gave his acceptance speech
process (calculate) - (verb) institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against - e.g. He was warned that the district attorney would process him
process (calculate) - (verb) march in a procession - e.g. They processed into the dining room
process (calculate) - (verb) shape, form, or improve a material - e.g. work stone into tools
process (calculate) - (verb) deliver a warrant or summons to someone - e.g. He was processed by the sheriff
produce (food) - (noun) fresh fruits and vegetable grown for the market - e.g.
produce (make) - (verb) bring forth or yield - e.g. The tree would not produce fruit
produce (make) - (verb) the excess of revenues over outlays in a given period of time (including depreciation and other non-cash expenses) - e.g.
profit (advantage) - (noun) the advantageous quality of being beneficial - e.g.
profit (get) - (verb) derive a benefit from - e.g. She profited from his vast experience
profit (gain) - (verb) make a profit; gain money or materially - e.g. The company has not profited from the merger
property (possession) - (noun) something owned; any tangible or intangible possession that is owned by someone;  - e.g. that hat is my property
property (attribute) - (noun) a basic or essential attribute shared by all members of a class - e.g. a study of the physical properties of atomic particles
property (attribute) - (noun) any area set aside for a particular purpose - e.g. who owns this place?
property (concept) - (noun) a construct whereby objects or individuals can be distinguished - e.g. self-confidence is not an endearing property
property (object) - (noun) any movable articles or objects used on the set of a play or movie - e.g. before every scene he ran down his checklist of props
prose (writing style) - (noun) ordinary writing as distinguished from verse - e.g.
prose (expressive style) - (noun) matter of fact, commonplace, or dull expression - e.g.
protest (objection) - (noun) a formal and solemn declaration of objection - e.g. they finished the game under protest to the league president
protest (resistance) - (noun) the act of protesting; a public (often organized) manifestation of dissent - e.g.
protest (objection) - (noun) the act of making a strong public expression of disagreement and disapproval - e.g. he shouted his protests at the umpire
protest (complain) - (verb) utter words of protest - e.g.
protest (oppose) - (verb) express opposition through action or words - e.g. dissent to the laws of the country
protest (affirm) - (verb) affirm or avow formally or solemnly - e.g. The suspect protested his innocence
protest (affirm) - (verb) people in general considered as a whole - e.g. he is a hero in the eyes of the public
public (body) - (noun) a body of people sharing some common interest - e.g. the reading public
pudding (dish) - (noun) any of various soft thick unsweetened baked dishes - e.g. corn pudding
pudding (dessert) - (noun) (British) the dessert course of a meal (`pud' is used informally) - e.g.
pudding (dessert) - (noun) any of various soft sweet desserts thickened usually with flour and baked or boiled or steamed - e.g.
pull (propulsion) - (noun) the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you - e.g. the pull up the hill had him breathing harder
pull (force) - (noun) the force used in pulling - e.g. the pull of the moon
pull (advantage) - (noun) special advantage or influence - e.g. the chairman's nephew has a lot of pull
pull (device) - (noun) a device used for pulling something - e.g. he grabbed the pull and opened the drawer
pull (device) - (noun) a sharp strain on muscles or ligaments - e.g. the wrench to his knee occurred as he fell
pull (device) - (noun) a slow inhalation (as of tobacco smoke) - e.g. he took a puff on his pipe
pull (effort) - (noun) a sustained effort - e.g. it was a long pull but we made it
pull (move) - (verb) cause to move by pulling - e.g. draw a wagon
pull (move) - (verb) direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physical attributes - e.g. Her good looks attract the stares of many men
pull (drive) - (verb) move into a certain direction - e.g. the car pulls to the right
pull (force) - (verb) apply force so as to cause motion towards the source of the motion - e.g. Pull the rope
pull (force) - (verb) perform an act, usually with a negative connotation - e.g. perpetrate a crime
pull (force) - (verb) bring, take, or pull out of a container or from under a cover - e.g. draw a weapon
pull (drive) - (verb) steer into a certain direction - e.g. pull one's horse to a stand
pull (injure) - (verb) strain abnormally - e.g. I pulled a muscle in my leg when I jumped up
pull (move) - (verb) cause to move in a certain direction by exerting a force upon, either physically or in an abstract sense - e.g. A declining dollar pulled down the export figures for the last quarter
pull (row) - (verb) operate when rowing a boat - e.g. pull the oars
pull (rein) - (verb) rein in to keep from winning a race - e.g. pull a horse
pull (rein) - (verb) tear or be torn violently - e.g. The curtain ripped from top to bottom
pull (hit) - (verb) hit in the direction that the player is facing when carrying through the swing - e.g. pull the ball
pull (hit) - (verb) strip of feathers - e.g. pull a chicken
pull (hit) - (verb) remove, usually with some force or effort; also used in an abstract sense - e.g. pull weeds
pull (side) - (verb) take sides with; align oneself with; show strong sympathy for - e.g. We all rooted for the home team
pull (remove) - (verb) take away - e.g. pull the old soup cans from the supermarket shelf
pump (mechanical device) - (noun) a mechanical device that moves fluid or gas by pressure or suction - e.g.
pump (mechanical device) - (noun) the hollow muscular organ located behind the sternum and between the lungs; its rhythmic contractions move the blood through the body - e.g. he stood still, his heart thumping wildly
pump (shoe) - (noun) a low-cut shoe without fastenings - e.g.
pump (wield) - (verb) operate like a pump; move up and down, like a handle or a pedal - e.g. pump the gas pedal
pump (blast) - (verb) deliver forth - e.g. pump bullets into the dummy
pump (draw) - (verb) draw or pour with a pump - e.g.
pump (supply) - (verb) supply in great quantities - e.g. Pump money into a project
pump (spurt) - (verb) flow intermittently - e.g.
pump (move) - (verb) move up and down - e.g. The athlete pumps weights in the gym
pump (raise) - (verb) raise (gases or fluids) with a pump - e.g.
pump (question) - (verb) question persistently - e.g. She pumped the witnesses for information
punishment (social control) - (noun) the act of punishing - e.g.
purpose (goal) - (noun) an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions - e.g. his intent was to provide a new translation
purpose (goal) - (noun) what something is used for - e.g. the function of an auger is to bore holes
purpose (goal) - (noun) the quality of being determined to do or achieve something; firmness of purpose - e.g. his determination showed in his every movement
purpose (goal) - (noun) propose or intend - e.g. I aim to arrive at noon
purpose (decide) - (verb) reach a decision - e.g. he resolved never to drink again
push (propulsion) - (noun) the act of applying force in order to move something away - e.g. he gave the door a hard push
push (force) - (noun) the force used in pushing - e.g. the push of the water on the walls of the tank
push (force) - (noun) enterprising or ambitious drive - e.g. Europeans often laugh at American energy
push (switch) - (noun) an electrical switch operated by pressing - e.g. the elevator was operated by push buttons
push (progress) - (noun) an effort to advance - e.g. the army made a push toward the sea
push (move) - (verb) move with force, "He pushed the table into a corner" - e.g.
push (urge) - (verb) press, drive, or impel (someone) to action or completion of an action - e.g. He pushed her to finish her doctorate
push (urge) - (verb) make publicity for; try to sell (a product) - e.g. The salesman is aggressively pushing the new computer model
push (urge) - (verb) strive and make an effort to reach a goal - e.g. She tugged for years to make a decent living
push (press) - (verb) press against forcefully without moving - e.g. she pushed against the wall with all her strength
push (approach) - (verb) approach a certain age or speed - e.g. She is pushing fifty
push (approach) - (verb) exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end or engage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for - e.g. The liberal party pushed for reforms
push (deal) - (verb) sell or promote the sale of (illegal goods such as drugs) - e.g. The guy hanging around the school is pushing drugs
push (travel) - (verb) move strenuously and with effort - e.g. The crowd pushed forward
push (travel) - (verb) make strenuous pushing movements during birth to expel the baby - e.g. `Now push hard,' said the doctor to the woman
put (option) - (noun) the option to sell a given stock (or stock index or commodity future) at a given price before a given date - e.g.
put (move) - (verb) put into a certain place or abstract location - e.g. Put your things here
put (change) - (verb) cause to be in a certain state; cause to be in a certain relation - e.g. That song put me in awful good humor
put (change) - (verb) formulate in a particular style or language - e.g. I wouldn't put it that way
put (use) - (verb) attribute or give - e.g. She put too much emphasis on her the last statement
put (use) - (verb) make an investment - e.g. Put money into bonds
put (use) - (verb) estimate - e.g. We put the time of arrival at 8 P.M.
put (subject) - (verb) cause (someone) to undergo something - e.g. He put her to the torture
put (arrange) - (verb) adapt - e.g. put these words to music
put (arrange) - (verb) arrange thoughts, ideas, temporal events - e.g. arrange my schedule
quality (attribute) - (noun) an essential and distinguishing attribute of something or someone - e.g. the quality of mercy is not strained"--Shakespeare
quality (degree) - (noun) a degree or grade of excellence or worth - e.g. the quality of students has risen
quality (property) - (noun) a characteristic property that defines the apparent individual nature of something - e.g. each town has a quality all its own
quality (property) - (noun) (music) the distinctive property of a complex sound (a voice or noise or musical sound) - e.g. the timbre of her soprano was rich and lovely
quality (social station) - (noun) high social status - e.g. a man of quality
quality (social station) - (noun) of superior grade - e.g. choice wines
question (questioning) - (noun) an instance of questioning - e.g. there was a question about my training
question (subject) - (noun) the subject matter at issue - e.g. the question of disease merits serious discussion
question (sentence) - (noun) a sentence of inquiry that asks for a reply - e.g. he asked a direct question
question (sentence) - (noun) uncertainty about the truth or factuality or existence of something - e.g. the dubiousness of his claim
question (sentence) - (noun) a formal proposal for action made to a deliberative assembly for discussion and vote - e.g. he made a motion to adjourn
question (marriage proposal) - (noun) an informal reference to a marriage proposal - e.g. he was ready to pop the question
question (challenge) - (verb) challenge the accuracy, probity, or propriety of - e.g. We must question your judgment in this matter
question (challenge) - (verb) pose a series of questions to - e.g. The suspect was questioned by the police
question (ask) - (verb) pose a question - e.g.
question (ask) - (verb) conduct an interview in television, newspaper, and radio reporting - e.g.
question (ask) - (verb) place in doubt or express doubtful speculation - e.g. I wonder whether this was the right thing to do
quick (area) - (noun) any area of the body that is highly sensitive to pain (as the flesh underneath the skin or a fingernail or toenail) - e.g.
quick (area) - (noun) a period of calm weather - e.g. there was a lull in the storm
quick (area) - (noun) an untroubled state; free from disturbances - e.g.
quick (area) - (noun) the absence of sound - e.g. he needed silence in order to sleep
quick (area) - (noun) a disposition free from stress or emotion - e.g.
quiet (change intensity) - (verb) become quiet or quieter - e.g. The audience fell silent when the speaker entered
quiet (change intensity) - (verb) make calm or still - e.g. quiet the dragons of worry and fear
rabbit (leporid) - (noun) any of various burrowing animals of the family Leporidae having long ears and short tails; some domesticated and raised for pets or food - e.g.
rabbit (leporid) - (noun) the fur of a rabbit - e.g.
rabbit (game) - (noun) flesh of any of various rabbits or hares (wild or domesticated) eaten as food - e.g.
rabbit (hunt) - (verb) hunt rabbits - e.g.
radish (root vegetable) - (noun) pungent fleshy edible root - e.g.
radish (radish plant) - (noun) radish of Japan with a long hard durable root eaten raw or cooked - e.g.
radish (root) - (noun) pungent edible root of any of various cultivated radish plants - e.g.
radish (radish plant) - (noun) Eurasian plant widely cultivated for its edible pungent root usually eaten raw - e.g.
radish (crucifer) - (noun) a cruciferous plant of the genus Raphanus having a pungent edible root - e.g.
rail (barrier) - (noun) a barrier consisting of a horizontal bar and supports - e.g.
rail (railway) - (noun) short for railway - e.g. he traveled by rail
rail (railway) - (noun) a bar or pair of parallel bars of rolled steel making the railway along which railroad cars or other vehicles can roll - e.g.
rail (bar) - (noun) a horizontal bar (usually of wood or metal) - e.g.
rail (wading bird) - (noun) any of numerous widely distributed small wading birds of the family Rallidae having short wings and very long toes for running on soft mud - e.g.
rail (complain) - (verb) complain bitterly - e.g.
rail (enclose) - (verb) enclose with rails - e.g. rail in the old graves
rail (supply) - (verb) provide with rails - e.g. The yard was railed
rail (separate) - (verb) separate with a railing - e.g. rail off the crowds from the Presidential palace
rail (transport) - (verb) convey (goods etc.) by rails - e.g. fresh fruit are railed from Italy to Belgium
rail (transport) - (verb) travel by rail or train - e.g. They railed from Rome to Venice
rail (lay) - (verb) lay with rails - e.g. hundreds of miles were railed out here
rail (fish) - (verb) fish with a handline over the rails of a boat - e.g. They are railing for fresh fish
rail (fish) - (verb) spread negative information about - e.g. The Nazi propaganda vilified the Jews
rail (fish) - (verb) criticize severely - e.g. He fulminated against the Republicans' plan to cut Medicare
rain (precipitation) - (noun) water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere - e.g.
rain (fresh water) - (noun) drops of fresh water that fall as precipitation from clouds - e.g.
rain (sequence) - (noun) anything happening rapidly or in quick successive - e.g. a rain of bullets
rain (precipitate) - (verb) precipitate as rain - e.g. If it rains much more, we can expect some flooding
rain (precipitate) - (verb) an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control: "the range of a supersonic jet" - e.g. a piano has a greater range than the human voice
range (limit) - (noun) the limits within which something can be effective - e.g. range of motion
range (tract) - (noun) a large tract of grassy open land on which livestock can graze - e.g. they used to drive the cattle across the open range every spring
range (geological formation) - (noun) a series of hills or mountains - e.g. the valley was between two ranges of hills
range (facility) - (noun) a place for shooting (firing or driving) projectiles of various kinds - e.g. the army maintains a missile range in the desert
range (assortment) - (noun) a variety of different things or activities - e.g. he answered a range of questions
range (assortment) - (noun) (mathematics) the set of values of the dependent variable for which a function is defined - e.g. the image of f(x) = x^2 is the set of all non-negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers
range (assortment) - (noun) the limit of capability - e.g. within the compass of education
range (assortment) - (noun) a kitchen appliance used for cooking food - e.g. dinner was already on the stove
range (be) - (verb) change or be different within limits - e.g. Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $2 billion
range (be) - (verb) move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment - e.g. The gypsies roamed the woods
rat (rodent) - (noun) any of various long-tailed rodents similar to but larger than a mouse - e.g.
rat (rodent) - (noun) someone who works (or provides workers) during a strike - e.g.
rat (rodent) - (noun) a person who is deemed to be despicable or contemptible - e.g. only a rotter would do that
rat (rodent) - (noun) one who reveals confidential information in return for money - e.g.
rat (pad) - (noun) a pad (usually made of hair) worn as part of a woman's coiffure - e.g.
rat (defect) - (verb) desert one's party or group of friends, for example, for one's personal advantage - e.g.
rat (hire) - (verb) employ scabs or strike breakers in - e.g.
rat (hire) - (verb) take the place of work of someone on strike - e.g.
rat (pad) - (verb) give (hair) the appearance of being fuller by using a rat - e.g.
rat (capture) - (verb) catch rats, especially with dogs - e.g.
rat (capture) - (verb) give away information about somebody - e.g. He told on his classmate who had cheated on the exam
rate (magnitude relation) - (noun) a magnitude or frequency relative to a time unit - e.g. they traveled at a rate of 55 miles per hour
rate (charge) - (noun) amount of a charge or payment relative to some basis - e.g. a 10-minute phone call at that rate would cost $5
rate (charge) - (noun) the relative speed of progress or change - e.g. he lived at a fast pace
rate (proportion) - (noun) a quantity or amount or measure considered as a proportion of another quantity or amount or measure - e.g. the literacy rate
rate (evaluate) - (verb) assign a rank or rating to - e.g. how would you rank these students?
rate (be) - (verb) be worthy of or have a certain rating - e.g. This bond rates highly
rate (measure) - (verb) estimate the value of - e.g. How would you rate his chances to become President?
rate (measure) - (verb) a column of light (as from a beacon) - e.g.
ray (pedicel) - (noun) a branch of an umbel or an umbelliform inflorescence - e.g.
ray (vector) - (noun) (mathematics) a straight line extending from a point - e.g.
ray (vector) - (noun) a group of nearly parallel lines of electromagnetic radiation - e.g.
ray (vector) - (noun) the syllable naming the second (supertonic) note of any major scale in solmization - e.g.
ray (spine) - (noun) any of the stiff bony spines in the fin of a fish - e.g.
ray (elasmobranch) - (noun) cartilaginous fishes having horizontally flattened bodies and enlarged winglike pectoral fins with gills on the underside; most swim by moving the pectoral fins - e.g.
ray (emit) - (verb) emit as rays - e.g. That tower rays a laser beam for miles across the sky
ray (emit) - (verb) extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center - e.g. spokes radiate from the hub of the wheel
ray (emit) - (verb) expose to radiation - e.g. irradiate food
ray (emit) - (verb) (chemistry) a process in which one or more substances are changed into others - e.g. there was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water
reaction (idea) - (noun) an idea evoked by some experience - e.g. his reaction to the news was to start planning what to do
reaction (bodily process) - (noun) a bodily process occurring due to the effect of some antecedent stimulus or agent - e.g. a bad reaction to the medicine
reaction (force) - (noun) (mechanics) the equal and opposite force that is produced when any force is applied to a body - e.g. every action has an equal and opposite reaction
reaction (response) - (noun) a response that reveals a person's feelings or attitude - e.g. he was pleased by the audience's reaction to his performance
reaction (conservatism) - (noun) extreme conservatism in political or social matters - e.g. the forces of reaction carried the election
reaction (resistance) - (noun) doing something in opposition to another way of doing it that you don't like - e.g. his style of painting was a reaction against cubism
reading (linguistic process) - (noun) the cognitive process of understanding a written linguistic message - e.g. his main reading was detective stories
reading (interpretation) - (noun) a particular interpretation or performance - e.g. on that reading it was an insult
reading (datum) - (noun) a datum about some physical state that is presented to a user by a meter or similar instrument - e.g. he could not believe the meter reading
reading (written communication) - (noun) written material intended to be read - e.g. the teacher assigned new readings
reading (written communication) - (noun) a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something - e.g.
ready (readiness) - (noun) poised for action - e.g. their guns were at the ready
ready (readiness) - (noun) prepare for eating by applying heat - e.g. Cook me dinner, please
ready (readiness) - (noun) make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc - e.g. Get the children ready for school!
reason (rational motive) - (noun) a rational motive for a belief or action - e.g. the reason that war was declared
reason (explanation) - (noun) an explanation of the cause of some phenomenon - e.g. the reason a steady state was never reached was that the back pressure built up too slowly
reason (faculty) - (noun) the capacity for rational thought or inference or discrimination - e.g. we are told that man is endowed with reason and capable of distinguishing good from evil
reason (faculty) - (noun) the state of having good sense and sound judgment - e.g. his rationality may have been impaired
reason (faculty) - (noun) a justification for something existing or happening - e.g. he had no cause to complain
reason (fact) - (noun) a fact that logically justifies some premise or conclusion - e.g. there is reason to believe he is lying
reason (think) - (verb) decide by reasoning; draw or come to a conclusion - e.g. We reasoned that it was cheaper to rent than to buy a house
reason (think) - (verb) present reasons and arguments - e.g.
reason (think) - (verb) think logically - e.g. The children must learn to reason
reason (think) - (verb) the act of receiving - e.g.
receipt (acknowledgment) - (noun) an acknowledgment (usually tangible) that payment has been made - e.g.
receipt (acknowledgment) - (noun) report the receipt of - e.g. The program committee acknowledged the submission of the authors of the paper
receipt (check) - (verb) mark or stamp as paid - e.g.
record (evidence) - (noun) anything (such as a document or a phonograph record or a photograph) providing permanent evidence of or information about past events - e.g. the film provided a valuable record of stage techniques
record (evidence) - (noun) sound recording consisting of a disk with a continuous groove; used to reproduce music by rotating while a phonograph needle tracks in the groove - e.g.
record (number) - (noun) the number of wins versus losses and ties a team has had - e.g. at 9-0 they have the best record in their league
record (accomplishment) - (noun) the sum of recognized accomplishments - e.g. the lawyer has a good record
record (fact) - (noun) a compilation of the known facts regarding something or someone - e.g. Al Smith used to say, `Let's look at the record'
record (attainment) - (noun) an extreme attainment; the best (or worst) performance ever attested (as in a sport) - e.g. he tied the Olympic record
record (document) - (noun) a document that can serve as legal evidence of a transaction - e.g. they could find no record of the purchase
record (document) - (noun) a list of crimes for which an accused person has been previously convicted - e.g. he ruled that the criminal record of the defendant could not be disclosed to the court
record (save) - (verb) make a record of; set down in permanent form - e.g.
record (record) - (verb) register electronically - e.g. They recorded her singing
record (record) - (verb) indicate a certain reading; of gauges and instruments - e.g. The thermometer showed thirteen degrees below zero
red (chromatic color) - (noun) red color or pigment; the chromatic color resembling the hue of blood - e.g.
red (chromatic color) - (noun) sadness associated with some wrong done or some disappointment - e.g. he drank to drown his sorrows
red (chromatic color) - (noun) feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about - e.g.
regret (miss) - (verb) feel sad about the loss or absence of - e.g.
regret (refuse) - (verb) decline formally or politely - e.g. I regret I can't come to the party
regret (inform) - (verb) express with regret - e.g. I regret to say that you did not gain admission to Harvard
regular (patron) - (noun) a regular patron - e.g. an habitue of the racetrack
regular (soldier) - (noun) a soldier in the regular army - e.g.
regular (follower) - (noun) a dependable follower (especially in party politics) - e.g. he is one of the party regulars
regular (size) - (noun) a garment size for persons of average height and weight - e.g.
relation (abstraction) - (noun) an abstraction belonging to or characteristic of two entities or parts together - e.g.
relation (abstraction) - (noun) the act of sexual procreation between a man and a woman; the man's penis is inserted into the woman's vagina and excited until orgasm and ejaculation occur - e.g.
relation (abstraction) - (noun) a person related by blood or marriage - e.g. police are searching for relatives of the deceased
relation (narration) - (noun) an act of narration - e.g. he was the hero according to his own relation
relation (legal principle) - (noun) (law) the principle that an act done at a later time is deemed by law to have occurred at an earlier time - e.g. his attorney argued for the relation back of the amended complaint to the time the initial complaint was filed
relation (dealings) - (noun) (usually plural) mutual dealings or connections among persons or groups - e.g. international relations
religion (belief) - (noun) a strong belief in a supernatural power or powers that control human destiny - e.g. he lost his faith but not his morality
religion (institution) - (noun) an institution to express belief in a divine power - e.g. he was raised in the Baptist religion
representative (negotiator) - (noun) a person who represents others - e.g.
representative (negotiator) - (noun) an advocate who represents someone else's policy or purpose - e.g. the meeting was attended by spokespersons for all the major organs of government
representative (negotiator) - (noun) a member of the United States House of Representatives - e.g.
representative (negotiator) - (noun) an item of information that is typical of a class or group - e.g. this patient provides a typical example of the syndrome
reptile (vertebrate) - (noun) any cold-blooded vertebrate of the class Reptilia including tortoises, turtles, snakes, lizards, alligators, crocodiles, and extinct forms - e.g.
request (message) - (noun) a formal message requesting something that is submitted to an authority - e.g.
request (speech act) - (noun) the verbal act of requesting - e.g.
request (communicate) - (verb) express the need or desire for; ask for - e.g. She requested an extra bed in her room
request (ask) - (verb) ask (a person) to do something - e.g. She asked him to be here at noon
request (wonder) - (verb) inquire for (information) - e.g. I requested information from the secretary
respect (detail) - (noun) (usually preceded by `in') a detail or point - e.g. it differs in that respect
respect (detail) - (noun) the condition of being honored (esteemed or respected or well regarded) - e.g. it is held in esteem
respect (attitude) - (noun) an attitude of admiration or esteem - e.g. she lost all respect for him
respect (attitude) - (noun) a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard - e.g. his deference to her wishes was very flattering
respect (attitude) - (noun) behavior intended to please your parents - e.g. their children were never very strong on obedience
respect (attitude) - (noun) a feeling of friendship and esteem - e.g. she mistook his manly regard for love
respect (attitude) - (noun) courteous regard for people's feelings - e.g. in deference to your wishes
respect (see) - (verb) regard highly; think much of - e.g. I respect his judgement
respect (accept) - (verb) show respect towards - e.g. honor your parents!
responsible (accept) - (verb) something left after other parts have been taken away - e.g. there was no remainder
rest (inactivity) - (noun) freedom from activity (work or strain or responsibility) - e.g. took his repose by the swimming pool
rest (inactivity) - (noun) a pause for relaxation - e.g. people actually accomplish more when they take time for short rests
rest (inaction) - (noun) a state of inaction - e.g. a body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon
rest (death) - (noun) euphemisms for death (based on an analogy between lying in a bed and in a tomb) - e.g. she was laid to rest beside her husband
rest (support) - (noun) a support on which things can be put - e.g. the gun was steadied on a special rest
rest (musical notation) - (noun) a musical notation indicating a silence of a specified duration - e.g.
rest (be) - (verb) not move; be in a resting position - e.g.
rest (pause) - (verb) take a short break from one's activities in order to relax - e.g.
rest (pause) - (verb) a recompense for worthy acts or retribution for wrongdoing - e.g. the wages of sin is death
reward (payment) - (noun) payment made in return for a service rendered - e.g.
reward (blessing) - (noun) an act performed to strengthen approved behavior - e.g.
reward (offer) - (noun) the offer of money for helping to find a criminal or for returning lost property - e.g.
reward (offer) - (noun) benefit resulting from some event or action - e.g. it turned out to my advantage
reward (offer) - (noun) bestow honor or rewards upon - e.g. Today we honor our soldiers
reward (offer) - (noun) strengthen and support with rewards - e.g. Let's reinforce good behavior
reward (act) - (verb) act or give recompense in recognition of someone's behavior or actions - e.g.
rhinoceros (odd-toed ungulate) - (noun) massive powerful herbivorous odd-toed ungulate of southeast Asia and Africa having very thick skin and one or two horns on the snout - e.g.
rhythm (musical time) - (noun) the basic rhythmic unit in a piece of music - e.g. the piece has a fast rhythm
rhythm (cyclicity) - (noun) recurring at regular intervals - e.g.
rhythm (cyclicity) - (noun) an interval during which a recurring sequence of events occurs - e.g. the never-ending cycle of the seasons
rhythm (prosody) - (noun) the arrangement of spoken words alternating stressed and unstressed elements - e.g. the rhythm of Frost's poetry
rhythm (natural family planning) - (noun) natural family planning in which ovulation is assumed to occur 14 days before the onset of a period (the fertile period would be assumed to extend from day 10 through day 18 of her cycle) - e.g.
rice (starches) - (noun) grains used as food either unpolished or more often polished - e.g.
rice (cereal) - (noun) annual or perennial rhizomatous marsh grasses; seed used for food; straw used for paper - e.g.
right (abstraction) - (noun) an abstract idea of that which is due to a person or governmental body by law or tradition or nature; it is something that nobody can take away" - e.g. they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights
right (position) - (noun) location near or direction toward the right side; i.e. the side to the south when a person or object faces east - e.g. he stood on the right
right (tract) - (noun) the piece of ground in the outfield on the catcher's right - e.g.
right (faction) - (noun) those who support political or social or economic conservatism; those who believe that things are better left unchanged - e.g.
right (hand) - (noun) the hand that is on the right side of the body - e.g. he writes with his right hand but pitches with his left
right (turn) - (noun) a turn toward the side of the body that is on the south when the person is facing east - e.g. take a right at the corner
right (justice) - (noun) anything in accord with principles of justice - e.g. he feels he is in the right
right (interest) - (noun) (frequently plural) the interest possessed by law or custom in some intangible thing - e.g. mineral rights
right (change) - (verb) make reparations or amends for - e.g. right a wrongs done to the victims of the Holocaust
right (change) - (verb) put in or restore to an upright position - e.g. They righted the sailboat that had capsized
right (change posture) - (verb) regain an upright or proper position - e.g. The capsized boat righted again
right (change posture) - (verb) make right or correct - e.g. Correct the mistakes
ring (sound) - (noun) a characteristic sound - e.g. it has the ring of sincerity
ring (toroid) - (noun) a toroidal shape - e.g. a ring of ships in the harbor
ring (toroid) - (noun) a rigid circular band of metal or wood or other material used for holding or fastening or hanging or pulling - e.g. there was still a rusty iron hoop for tying a horse
ring (toroid) - (noun) (chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop - e.g.
ring (toroid) - (noun) an association of criminals - e.g. police tried to break up the gang
ring (sound) - (noun) the sound of a bell ringing - e.g. the distinctive ring of the church bell
ring (platform) - (noun) a platform usually marked off by ropes in which contestants box or wrestle - e.g.
ring (jewelry) - (noun) jewelry consisting of a circlet of precious metal (often set with jewels) worn on the finger - e.g. she had rings on every finger
ring (jewelry) - (noun) a strip of material attached to the leg of a bird to identify it (as in studies of bird migration) - e.g.
ring (sound) - (verb) sound loudly and sonorously - e.g. the bells rang
ring (sound) - (verb) ring or echo with sound - e.g. the hall resounded with laughter
ring (sound) - (verb) make (bells) ring, often for the purposes of musical edification - e.g. Ring the bells
ring (sound) - (verb) get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone - e.g. I tried to call you all night
ring (sound) - (verb) extend on all sides of simultaneously; encircle - e.g. The forest surrounds my property
ring (attach) - (verb) attach a ring to the foot of, in order to identify - e.g. ring birds
river (stream) - (noun) a large natural stream of water (larger than a creek) - e.g. the river was navigable for 50 miles
roach (hairdo) - (noun) a roll of hair brushed back from the forehead - e.g.
roach (butt) - (noun) the butt of a marijuana cigarette - e.g.
roach (butt) - (noun) street names for flunitrazepan - e.g.
roach (butt) - (noun) any of numerous chiefly nocturnal insects; some are domestic pests - e.g.
roach (cyprinid) - (noun) European freshwater food fish having a greenish back - e.g.
roach (comb) - (verb) comb (hair) into a roach - e.g.
roach (cut off) - (verb) cut the mane off (a horse) - e.g.
road (way) - (noun) an open way (generally public) for travel or transportation - e.g.
road (means) - (noun) a way or means to achieve something - e.g. the road to fame
rod (implement) - (noun) a long thin implement made of metal or wood - e.g.
rod (bacteria) - (noun) any rod-shaped bacterium - e.g.
rod (bacteria) - (noun) a linear measure of 16.5 feet - e.g.
rod (bacteria) - (noun) a square rod of land - e.g.
rod (visual cell) - (noun) a visual receptor cell that is sensitive to dim light - e.g.
rod (visual cell) - (noun) a gangster's pistol - e.g.
rodent (placental) - (noun) relatively small placental mammals having a single pair of constantly growing incisor teeth specialized for gnawing - e.g.
rodent (placental) - (noun) rotary motion of an object around its own axis - e.g. wheels in axial rotation
roll (list) - (noun) a list of names - e.g. his name was struck off the rolls
roll (wave) - (noun) a long heavy sea wave as it advances towards the shore - e.g.
roll (film) - (noun) photographic film rolled up inside a container to protect it from light - e.g.
roll (film) - (noun) a round shape formed by a series of concentric circles (as formed by leaves or flower petals) - e.g.
roll (film) - (noun) a roll of currency notes (often taken as the resources of a person or business etc.) - e.g. he shot his roll on a bob-tailed nag
roll (film) - (noun) small rounded bread either plain or sweet - e.g.
roll (film) - (noun) a deep prolonged sound (as of thunder or large bells) - e.g.
roll (film) - (noun) the sound of a drum (especially a snare drum) beaten rapidly and continuously - e.g.
roll (film) - (noun) a document that can be rolled up (as for storage) - e.g.
roll (cylinder) - (noun) anything rolled up in cylindrical form - e.g.
roll (cylinder) - (noun) the act of throwing dice - e.g.
roll (gait) - (noun) walking with a swaying gait - e.g.
roll (flight maneuver) - (noun) a flight maneuver; aircraft rotates about its longitudinal axis without changing direction or losing altitude - e.g.
roll (propulsion) - (noun) the act of rolling something (as the ball in bowling) - e.g.
roll (turn) - (verb) move by turning over or rotating - e.g. The child rolled down the hill
roll (turn) - (verb) move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle - e.g. The President's convoy rolled past the crowds
roof (protective covering) - (noun) a protective covering that covers or forms the top of a building - e.g.
roof (protective covering) - (noun) protective covering on top of a motor vehicle - e.g.
roof (covering) - (noun) the inner top surface of a covered area or hollow space - e.g. the roof of the cave was very high
roof (covering) - (noun) an upper limit on what is allowed - e.g. he put a ceiling on the number of women who worked for him
roof (cover) - (verb) provide a building with a roof; cover a building with a roof - e.g.
room (area) - (noun) an area within a building enclosed by walls and floor and ceiling - e.g. the rooms were very small but they had a nice view
room (position) - (noun) space for movement - e.g. room to pass
room (opportunity) - (noun) opportunity for - e.g. room for improvement
room (gathering) - (noun) the people who are present in a room - e.g. the whole room was cheering
room (gathering) - (noun) live and take one's meals at or in - e.g. she rooms in an old boarding house
root (plant organ) - (noun) (botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground - e.g.
root (plant organ) - (noun) the place where something begins, where it springs into being - e.g. the Italian beginning of the Renaissance
root (form) - (noun) (linguistics) the form of a word after all affixes are removed - e.g. thematic vowels are part of the stem
root (number) - (noun) a number that, when multiplied by itself some number of times, equals a given number - e.g.
root (number) - (noun) the set of values that give a true statement when substituted into an equation - e.g.
root (number) - (noun) someone from whom you are descended (but usually more remote than a grandparent) - e.g.
root (number) - (noun) a simple form inferred as the common basis from which related words in several languages can be derived by linguistic processes - e.g.
root (structure) - (noun) the part of a tooth that is embedded in the jaw and serves as support - e.g.
root (grow) - (verb) take root and begin to grow - e.g. this plant roots quickly
root (become) - (verb) come into existence, originate - e.g. The problem roots in her depression
root (plant) - (verb) plant by the roots - e.g.
root (plant) - (verb) dig with the snout - e.g. the pig was rooting for truffles
root (plant) - (verb) become settled or established and stable in one's residence or life style - e.g. He finally settled down
root (grow) - (verb) cause to take roots - e.g.
rose (shrub) - (noun) any of many shrubs of the genus Rosa that bear roses - e.g.
rose (shrub) - (noun) pinkish table wine from red grapes whose skins were removed after fermentation began - e.g.
rose (pink) - (noun) a dusty pink color - e.g.
rose (pink) - (noun) move upward - e.g. The fog lifted
rose (pink) - (noun) increase in value or to a higher point - e.g. prices climbed steeply
rose (pink) - (noun) rise to one's feet - e.g. The audience got up and applauded
rose (pink) - (noun) rise up - e.g. The building rose before them
rose (pink) - (noun) come to the surface - e.g.
rose (pink) - (noun) come into existence; take on form or shape - e.g. A new religious movement originated in that country
rose (pink) - (noun) move to a better position in life or to a better job - e.g. She ascended from a life of poverty to one of great
rose (pink) - (noun) go up or advance - e.g. Sales were climbing after prices were lowered
rose (pink) - (noun) become more extreme - e.g. The tension heightened
rose (pink) - (noun) get up and out of bed - e.g. I get up at 7 A.M. every day
rose (pink) - (noun) rise in rank or status - e.g. Her new novel jumped high on the bestseller list
rose (pink) - (noun) become heartened or elated - e.g. Her spirits rose when she heard the good news
rose (pink) - (noun) exert oneself to meet a challenge - e.g. rise to a challenge
rose (pink) - (noun) take part in a rebellion; renounce a former allegiance - e.g.
rose (pink) - (noun) increase in volume - e.g. the dough rose slowly in the warm room
rose (pink) - (noun) come up, of celestial bodies - e.g. The sun also rises
rose (pink) - (noun) return from the dead - e.g. Christ is risen!
rough (site) - (noun) the part of a golf course bordering the fairway where the grass is not cut short - e.g.
rough (prepare) - (verb) prepare in preliminary or sketchy form - e.g.
round (ammunition) - (noun) a charge of ammunition for a single shot - e.g.
round (ammunition) - (noun) an interval during which a recurring sequence of events occurs - e.g. the never-ending cycle of the seasons
round (ammunition) - (noun) a regular route for a sentry or policeman - e.g. in the old days a policeman walked a beat and knew all his people by name
round (call) - (noun) (often plural) a series of professional calls (usually in a set order) - e.g. the doctor goes on his rounds first thing every morning
round (golf) - (noun) the activity of playing 18 holes of golf - e.g. a round of golf takes about 4 hours
round (habitude) - (noun) the usual activities in your day - e.g. the doctor made his rounds
round (habitude) - (noun) (sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive - e.g.
round (path) - (noun) the course along which communications spread - e.g. the story is going the rounds in Washington
round (helping) - (noun) a serving to each of a group (usually alcoholic) - e.g. he ordered a second round
round (cut of beef) - (noun) a cut of beef between the rump and the lower leg - e.g.
round (partsong) - (noun) a partsong in which voices follow each other; one voice starts and others join in one after another until all are singing different parts of the song at the same time - e.g. they enjoyed singing rounds
round (applause) - (noun) an outburst of applause - e.g. there was a round of applause
round (applause) - (noun) a crosspiece between the legs of a chair - e.g.
round (applause) - (noun) any circular or rotating mechanism - e.g. the machine punched out metal circles
round (travel) - (verb) wind around; move along a circular course - e.g. round the bend
round (shape) - (verb) make round - e.g. round the edges
round (pronounce) - (verb) pronounce with rounded lips - e.g.
round (pronounce) - (verb) attack in speech or writing - e.g. The editors of the left-leaning paper attacked the new House Speaker
round (pronounce) - (verb) bring to a highly developed, finished, or refined state - e.g. polish your social manners
round (change) - (verb) express as a round number - e.g. round off the amount
round (gain) - (verb) become round, plump, or shapely - e.g. The young woman is fleshing out
round (gain) - (verb) an unforeseen obstacle - e.g.
rub (contact) - (noun) the act of rubbing or wiping - e.g. he gave the hood a quick rub
rub (guide) - (verb) move over something with pressure - e.g. rub my hands
rub (touch) - (verb) cause friction - e.g. my sweater scratches
rub (irritate) - (verb) scrape or rub as if to relieve itching - e.g. Don't scratch your insect bites!
rule (concept) - (noun) a principle or condition that customarily governs behavior - e.g. it was his rule to take a walk before breakfast
rule (concept) - (noun) something regarded as a normative example - e.g. the convention of not naming the main character
rule (direction) - (noun) prescribed guide for conduct or action - e.g.
rule (concept) - (noun) (linguistics) a rule describing (or prescribing) a linguistic practice - e.g.
rule (concept) - (noun) a basic generalization that is accepted as true and that can be used as a basis for reasoning or conduct - e.g. their principles of composition characterized all their works
rule (duration) - (noun) the duration of a monarch's or government's power - e.g. during the rule of Elizabeth
rule (duration) - (noun) dominance or power through legal authority - e.g. France held undisputed dominion over vast areas of Africa
rule (direction) - (noun) directions that define the way a game or sport is to be conducted - e.g. he knew the rules of chess
rule (direction) - (noun) any one of a systematic body of regulations defining the way of life of members of a religious order - e.g. the rule of St. Dominic
rule (direction) - (noun) a rule or law concerning a natural phenomenon or the function of a complex system - e.g. the principle of the conservation of mass
rule (procedure) - (noun) (mathematics) a standard procedure for solving a class of mathematical problems - e.g. he determined the upper bound with Descartes' rule of signs
rule (measuring stick) - (noun) measuring stick consisting of a strip of wood or metal or plastic with a straight edge that is used for drawing straight lines and measuring lengths - e.g.
rule (measuring stick) - (noun) exercise authority over; as of nations - e.g. Who is governing the country now?
rule (decide) - (verb) decide with authority - e.g. The King decreed that all firstborn males should be killed
rule (decide) - (verb) be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance - e.g. Money reigns supreme here
rule (pronounce) - (verb) decide on and make a declaration about - e.g. find someone guilty
rule (attach to) - (verb) have an affinity with; of signs of the zodiac - e.g.
rule (draw) - (verb) mark or draw with a ruler - e.g. rule the margins
rule (restrict) - (verb) keep in check - e.g. rule one's temper
run (score) - (noun) a score in baseball made by a runner touching all four bases safely - e.g. the Yankees scored 3 runs in the bottom of the 9th
run (score) - (noun) the act of testing something - e.g. in the experimental trials the amount of carbon was measured separately
run (score) - (noun) a race run on foot - e.g. she broke the record for the half-mile run
run (score) - (noun) an unbroken series of events - e.g. had a streak of bad luck
run (football play) - (noun) (American football) a play in which a player attempts to carry the ball through or past the opposing team - e.g. the defensive line braced to stop the run
run (trip) - (noun) a regular trip - e.g. the ship made its run in record time
run (locomotion) - (noun) the act of running; traveling on foot at a fast pace - e.g. he broke into a run
run (time period) - (noun) the continuous period of time during which something (a machine or a factory) operates or continues in operation - e.g. the assembly line was on a 12-hour run
run (liberty) - (noun) unrestricted freedom to use - e.g. he has the run of the house
run (indefinite quantity) - (noun) the production achieved during a continuous period of operation (of a machine or factory etc.) - e.g. a daily run of 100,000 gallons of paint
run (indefinite quantity) - (noun) a small stream - e.g.
run (indefinite quantity) - (noun) a race between candidates for elective office - e.g. I managed his campaign for governor
run (damage) - (noun) a row of unravelled stitches - e.g. she got a run in her stocking
run (damage) - (noun) the pouring forth of a fluid - e.g.
run (sequence) - (noun) an unbroken chronological sequence - e.g. the play had a long run on Broadway
run (trip) - (noun) a short trip - e.g. take a run into town
run (travel rapidly) - (verb) move fast by using one's feet, with one foot off the ground at any given time - e.g. Don't run--you'll be out of breath
run (travel rapidly) - (verb) flee; take to one's heels; cut and run - e.g. If you see this man, run!
run (be) - (verb) stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point - e.g. Service runs all the way to Cranbury
run (be) - (verb) direct or control; projects, businesses, etc. - e.g. She is running a relief operation in the Sudan
run (be) - (verb) have a particular form - e.g. the story or argument runs as follows
run (move) - (verb) move along, of liquids - e.g. Water flowed into the cave
run (move) - (verb) perform as expected when applied - e.g. The washing machine won't go unless it's plugged in
run (move) - (verb) change or be different within limits - e.g. Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $2 billion
run (move) - (verb) run, stand, or compete for an office or a position - e.g. Who's running for treasurer this year?
run (move) - (verb) cause to emit recorded audio or video - e.g. They ran the tapes over and over again
run (travel) - (verb) move about freely and without restraint, or act as if running around in an uncontrolled way - e.g. who are these people running around in the building?
run (travel) - (verb) have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined - e.g. She tends to be nervous before her lectures
run (function) - (verb) be operating, running or functioning - e.g. The car is still running--turn it off!
run (become) - (verb) change from one state to another - e.g. run amok
run (process) - (verb) cause to perform - e.g. run a subject
run (incur) - (verb) be affected by; be subjected to - e.g. run a temperature
run (incur) - (verb) continue to exist - e.g. These stories die hard
run (occur) - (verb) occur persistently - e.g. Musical talent runs in the family
run (enforce) - (verb) carry out a process or program, as on a computer or a machine - e.g. Run the dishwasher
run (enforce) - (verb) include as the content; broadcast or publicize - e.g. We ran the ad three times
run (carry through) - (verb) carry out - e.g. run an errand
run (carry through) - (verb) pass over, across, or through - e.g. He ran his eyes over her body
run (pass) - (verb) cause something to pass or lead somewhere - e.g. Run the wire behind the cabinet
run (succeed) - (verb) make without a miss - e.g.
run (trade) - (verb) deal in illegally, such as arms or liquor - e.g.
run (move) - (verb) cause an animal to move fast - e.g. run the dogs
run (diffuse) - (verb) be diffused - e.g. These dyes and colors are guaranteed not to run
run (sail) - (verb) sail before the wind - e.g.
run (pass) - (verb) cover by running; run a certain distance - e.g. She ran 10 miles that day
run (last) - (verb) extend or continue for a certain period of time - e.g. The film runs 5 hours
run (free) - (verb) set animals loose to graze - e.g.
run (accompany) - (verb) keep company - e.g. the heifers run with the bulls to produce offspring
run (run) - (verb) run with the ball; in such sports as football - e.g.
run (travel) - (verb) travel rapidly, by any (unspecified) means - e.g. Run to the store!
run (travel) - (verb) travel a route regularly - e.g. Ships ply the waters near the coast
run (travel) - (verb) pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals) - e.g. Goering often hunted wild boars in Poland
run (travel) - (verb) compete in a race - e.g. he is running the Marathon this year
run (travel) - (verb) progress by being changed - e.g. The speech has to go through several more drafts
run (travel) - (verb) reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating - e.g. melt butter
run (travel) - (verb) come unraveled or undone as if by snagging - e.g. Her nylons were running
run (disintegrate) - (verb) become undone - e.g. the sweater unraveled
safe (strongbox) - (noun) strongbox where valuables can be safely kept - e.g.
safe (cupboard) - (noun) a ventilated or refrigerated cupboard for securing provisions from pests - e.g.
safe (cupboard) - (noun) contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is worn over the penis during intercourse - e.g.
sail (piece of cloth) - (noun) a large piece of fabric (usually canvas fabric) by means of which wind is used to propel a sailing vessel - e.g.
sail (piece of cloth) - (noun) an ocean trip taken for pleasure - e.g.
sail (structure) - (noun) any structure that resembles a sail - e.g.
sail (travel) - (verb) traverse or travel on (a body of water) - e.g. We sailed the Atlantic
sail (travel) - (verb) move with sweeping, effortless, gliding motions - e.g. The diva swept into the room
sail (boat) - (verb) travel on water propelled by wind - e.g. I love sailing, especially on the open sea
sail (boat) - (verb) travel on water propelled by wind or by other means - e.g. The QE2 will sail to Southampton tomorrow
salmon (salmonid) - (noun) any of various large food and game fishes of northern waters; usually migrate from salt to fresh water to spawn - e.g.
salt (compound) - (noun) a compound formed by replacing hydrogen in an acid by a metal (or a radical that acts like a metal) - e.g.
salt (flavorer) - (noun) white crystalline form of especially sodium chloride used to season and preserve food - e.g.
salt (flavorer) - (noun) negotiations between the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics opened in 1969 in Helsinki designed to limit both countries' stock of nuclear weapons - e.g.
salt (taste) - (noun) the taste experience when common salt is taken into the mouth - e.g.
salt (season) - (verb) add salt to - e.g.
salt (sprinkle) - (verb) sprinkle as if with salt - e.g. the rebels had salted the fields with mines and traps
salt (spice) - (verb) add zest or liveliness to - e.g. She salts her lectures with jokes
salt (preserve) - (verb) preserve with salt - e.g. people used to salt meats on ships
salt (preserve) - (verb) a member of an indigenous nomadic people living in northern Scandinavia and herding reindeer - e.g.
salt (preserve) - (verb) the language of nomadic Lapps in northern Scandinavia and the Kola Peninsula - e.g.
sand (soil) - (noun) a loose material consisting of grains of rock or coral - e.g.
sandwich (snack food) - (noun) two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them - e.g.
sandwich (organize) - (verb) make into a sandwich - e.g.
sandwich (insert) - (verb) insert or squeeze tightly between two people or objects - e.g. She was sandwiched in her airplane seat between two fat men
sauce (condiment) - (noun) flavorful relish or dressing or topping served as an accompaniment to food - e.g.
sauce (act) - (verb) behave saucily or impudently towards - e.g.
sauce (season) - (verb) dress (food) with a relish - e.g.
sauce (change) - (verb) add zest or flavor to, make more interesting - e.g. sauce the roast
sausage (meat) - (noun) highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings - e.g.
sausage (meat) - (noun) a small nonrigid airship used for observation or as a barrage balloon - e.g.
say (opportunity) - (noun) the chance to speak - e.g. let him have his say
say (opportunity) - (noun) express in words - e.g. He said that he wanted to marry her
say (opportunity) - (noun) report or maintain - e.g. He alleged that he was the victim of a crime
say (opportunity) - (noun) express a supposition - e.g. Let us say that he did not tell the truth
say (opportunity) - (noun) have or contain a certain wording or form - e.g. The passage reads as follows
say (opportunity) - (noun) give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority - e.g. I said to him to go home
say (opportunity) - (noun) speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way - e.g. She pronounces French words in a funny way
say (convey) - (verb) communicate or express nonverbally - e.g. What does this painting say?
say (express) - (verb) utter aloud - e.g. She said `Hello' to everyone in the office
scale (standard) - (noun) an ordered reference standard - e.g. judging on a scale of 1 to 10
scale (magnitude relation) - (noun) relative magnitude - e.g. they entertained on a grand scale
scale (proportion) - (noun) the ratio between the size of something and a representation of it - e.g. the scale of the map
scale (leaf) - (noun) a specialized leaf or bract that protects a bud or catkin - e.g.
scale (bit) - (noun) a thin flake of dead epidermis shed from the surface of the skin - e.g.
scale (musical notation) - (noun) (music) a series of notes differing in pitch according to a specific scheme (usually within an octave) - e.g.
scale (measuring instrument) - (noun) a measuring instrument for weighing; shows amount of mass - e.g.
scale (indicator) - (noun) an indicator having a graduated sequence of marks - e.g.
scale (indicator) - (noun) a metal sheathing of uniform thickness (such as the shield attached to an artillery piece to protect the gunners) - e.g.
scale (covering) - (noun) a flattened rigid plate forming part of the body covering of many animals - e.g.
scale (measure) - (verb) measure by or as if by a scale - e.g. This bike scales only 25 pounds
scale (model) - (verb) pattern, make, regulate, set, measure, or estimate according to some rate or standard - e.g.
scale (take) - (verb) take by attacking with scaling ladders - e.g. The troops scaled the walls of the fort
scale (reach) - (verb) reach the highest point of - e.g. We scaled the Mont Blanc
scale (climb) - (verb) climb up by means of a ladder - e.g.
scale (remove) - (verb) remove the scales from - e.g. scale fish
scale (quantify) - (verb) measure with or as if with scales - e.g. scale the gold
scale (size) - (verb) size or measure according to a scale - e.g. This model must be scaled down
scallop (curve) - (noun) one of a series of rounded projections (or the notches between them) formed by curves along an edge (as the edge of a leaf or piece of cloth or the margin of a shell or a shriveled red bloo... - e.g.
scallop (shellfish) - (noun) edible muscle of mollusks having fan-shaped shells; served broiled or poached or in salads or cream sauces - e.g.
scallop (shellfish) - (noun) thin slice of meat (especially veal) usually fried or broiled - e.g.
scallop (bivalve) - (noun) edible marine bivalve having a fluted fan-shaped shell that swim by expelling water from the shell in a series of snapping motions - e.g.
scallop (decorate) - (verb) decorate an edge with scallops - e.g. the dress had a scalloped skirt
scallop (cook) - (verb) bake in a sauce, milk, etc., often with breadcrumbs on top - e.g.
scallop (hollow) - (verb) form scallops in - e.g. scallop the meat
scallop (fish) - (verb) fish for scallops - e.g.
scallop (shape) - (verb) shape or cut in scallops - e.g. scallop the hem of the dress
school (educational institution) - (noun) an educational institution - e.g. the school was founded in 1900
school (building) - (noun) a building where young people receive education - e.g. the school was built in 1932
school (education) - (noun) the process of being formally educated at a school - e.g. what will you do when you finish school?
school (body) - (noun) a body of creative artists or writers or thinkers linked by a similar style or by similar teachers - e.g. the Venetian school of painting
school (time period) - (noun) the period of instruction in a school; the time period when school is in session - e.g. stay after school
school (educational institution) - (noun) an educational institution's faculty and students - e.g. the school keeps parents informed
school (animal group) - (noun) a large group of fish - e.g. a school of small glittering fish swam by
school (educate) - (verb) educate in or as if in a school - e.g. The children are schooled at great cost to their parents in private institutions
school (educate) - (verb) teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment - e.g. Cultivate your musical taste
school (swim) - (verb) swim in or form a large group of fish - e.g. A cluster of schooling fish was attracted to the bait
science (discipline) - (noun) a particular branch of scientific knowledge - e.g. the science of genetics
science (discipline) - (noun) ability to produce solutions in some problem domain - e.g. the skill of a well-trained boxer
scissors (edge tool) - (noun) an edge tool having two crossed pivoting blades - e.g.
scissors (wrestling hold) - (noun) a wrestling hold in which you wrap your legs around the opponents body or head and put your feet together and squeeze - e.g.
scissors (gymnastic exercise) - (noun) a gymnastic exercise performed on the pommel horse when the gymnast moves his legs as the blades of scissors move - e.g.
scissors (gymnastic exercise) - (noun) cut with or as if with scissors - e.g.
scissors (gymnastic exercise) - (noun) someone who guards prisoners - e.g.
screw (inclined plane) - (noun) a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded cylindrical rod that engages with a similarly threaded hole - e.g.
screw (propeller) - (noun) a propeller with several angled blades that rotates to push against water or air - e.g.
screw (fastener) - (noun) a fastener with a tapered threaded shank and a slotted head - e.g.
screw (fastener) - (noun) slang for sexual intercourse - e.g.
screw (fastener) - (noun) have sexual intercourse with - e.g. This student sleeps with everyone in her dorm
screw (revolve) - (verb) turn like a screw - e.g.
screw (revolve) - (verb) cause to penetrate, as with a circular motion - e.g. drive in screws or bolts
screw (tighten) - (verb) tighten or fasten by means of screwing motions - e.g. Screw the bottle cap on
screw (tighten) - (verb) defeat someone through trickery or deceit - e.g.
sea (body of water) - (noun) a division of an ocean or a large body of salt water partially enclosed by land - e.g.
sea (body of water) - (noun) anything apparently limitless in quantity or volume - e.g.
sea (turbulent flow) - (noun) turbulent water with swells of considerable size - e.g. heavy seas
seal (fastener) - (noun) fastener consisting of a resinous composition that is plastic when warm; used for sealing documents and parcels and letters - e.g.
seal (device) - (noun) a device incised to make an impression; used to secure a closing or to authenticate documents - e.g.
seal (fur) - (noun) the pelt or fur (especially the underfur) of a seal - e.g. a coat of seal
seal (fur) - (noun) a member of a Naval Special Warfare unit who is trained for unconventional warfare - e.g. SEAL is an acronym for Sea Air and Land
seal (stamp) - (noun) a stamp affixed to a document (as to attest to its authenticity or to seal it) - e.g. the warrant bore the sheriff's seal
seal (stamp) - (noun) an indication of approved or superior status - e.g.
seal (coating) - (noun) a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture - e.g.
seal (fastener) - (noun) fastener that provides a tight and perfect closure - e.g.
seal (pinniped mammal) - (noun) any of numerous marine mammals that come on shore to breed; chiefly of cold regions - e.g.
seal (close) - (verb) make tight; secure against leakage - e.g. seal the windows
seal (close) - (verb) close with or as if with a seal - e.g. She sealed the letter with hot wax
seal (decide) - (verb) decide irrevocably - e.g. sealing dooms
seal (affix) - (verb) affix a seal to - e.g. seal the letter
seal (affix) - (verb) cover with varnish - e.g.
seal (hunt) - (verb) hunt seals - e.g.
seat (space) - (noun) a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) - e.g. he booked their seats in advance
seat (space) - (noun) the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on - e.g. he deserves a good kick in the butt
seat (furniture) - (noun) furniture that is designed for sitting on - e.g. there were not enough seats for all the guests
seat (support) - (noun) any support where you can sit (especially the part of a chair or bench etc. on which you sit) - e.g. he dusted off the seat before sitting down
seat (center) - (noun) a center of authority (as a city from which authority is exercised) - e.g.
seat (location) - (noun) the location (metaphorically speaking) where something is based - e.g. the brain is said to be the seat of reason
seat (legal right) - (noun) the legal right to sit as a member in a legislative or similar body - e.g. he was elected to a seat in the Senate
seat (part) - (noun) a part of a machine that supports or guides another part - e.g.
seat (cloth covering) - (noun) the cloth covering for the buttocks - e.g. the seat of his pants was worn through
seat (put) - (verb) show to a seat; assign a seat for - e.g. The host seated me next to Mrs. Smith
seat (accommodate) - (verb) be able to seat - e.g. The theater seats 2,000
seat (accommodate) - (verb) place ceremoniously or formally in an office or position - e.g. there was a ceremony to induct the president of the Academy
seat (supply) - (verb) put a seat on a chair - e.g.
seat (supply) - (verb) provide with seats - e.g. seat a concert hall
seat (put) - (verb) place or attach firmly in or on a base - e.g. seat the camera on the tripod
seat (put) - (verb) place in or on a seat - e.g. the mother seated the toddler on the high chair
second (time unit) - (noun) 1/60 of a minute; the basic unit of time adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites - e.g.
second (time unit) - (noun) an indefinitely short time - e.g. wait just a moment
second (position) - (noun) the fielding position of the player on a baseball team who is stationed near the second of the bases in the infield - e.g.
second (position) - (noun) a particular point in time - e.g. the moment he arrived the party began
second (rank) - (noun) following the first in an ordering or series - e.g. he came in a close second
second (angular unit) - (noun) a 60th part of a minute of arc - e.g. the treasure is 2 minutes and 45 seconds south of here
second (attendant) - (noun) the official attendant of a contestant in a duel or boxing match - e.g.
second (agreement) - (noun) a speech seconding a motion - e.g. do I hear a second?
second (gear) - (noun) the gear that has the second lowest forward gear ratio in the gear box of a motor vehicle - e.g. he had to shift down into second to make the hill
second (gear) - (noun) merchandise that has imperfections; usually sold at a reduced price without the brand name - e.g.
second (support) - (verb) give support or one's approval to - e.g. I'll second that motion
second (transfer) - (verb) transfer an employee to a different, temporary assignment - e.g. The officer was seconded for duty overseas
secret (information) - (noun) something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that is not to be passed on) - e.g. the combination to the safe was a secret
secret (information) - (noun) information known only to a special group - e.g. the secret of Cajun cooking
secret (information) - (noun) something that baffles understanding and cannot be explained - e.g. how it got out is a mystery
secretary (head) - (noun) a person who is head of an administrative department of government - e.g.
secretary (assistant) - (noun) an assistant who handles correspondence and clerical work for a boss or an organization - e.g.
secretary (assistant) - (noun) a person to whom a secret is entrusted - e.g.
secretary (desk) - (noun) a desk used for writing - e.g.
see (seat) - (noun) the seat within a bishop's diocese where his cathedral is located - e.g.
see (perceive) - (verb) perceive by sight or have the power to perceive by sight - e.g. You have to be a good observer to see all the details
see (perceive) - (verb) perceive (an idea or situation) mentally - e.g. Now I see!
see (perceive) - (verb) perceive or be contemporaneous with - e.g. We found Republicans winning the offices
see (perceive) - (verb) imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind - e.g. I can't see him on horseback!
see (think) - (verb) deem to be - e.g. She views this quite differently from me
see (think) - (verb) get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally - e.g. I learned that she has two grown-up children
see (think) - (verb) see or watch - e.g. view a show on television
see (think) - (verb) come together - e.g. I'll probably see you at the meeting
see (think) - (verb) find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort - e.g. I want to see whether she speaks French
see (verify) - (verb) be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something - e.g. He verified that the valves were closed
see (visit) - (verb) go to see for professional or business reasons - e.g. You should see a lawyer
see (visit) - (verb) go to see for a social visit - e.g. I went to see my friend Mary the other day
see (visit) - (verb) go to see a place, as for entertainment - e.g. We went to see the Eiffel Tower in the morning
see (visit) - (verb) take charge of or deal with - e.g. Could you see about lunch?
see (receive) - (verb) receive as a specified guest - e.g. the doctor will see you now
see (receive) - (verb) date regularly; have a steady relationship with - e.g. Did you know that she is seeing an older man?
see (see) - (verb) see and understand, have a good eye - e.g. The artist must first learn to see
see (consider) - (verb) deliberate or decide - e.g. See whether you can come tomorrow
see (detect) - (verb) observe as if with an eye - e.g. The camera saw the burglary and recorded it
see (detect) - (verb) observe, check out, and look over carefully or inspect - e.g. The customs agent examined the baggage
see (detect) - (verb) go or live through - e.g. We had many trials to go through
see (accompany) - (verb) accompany or escort - e.g. I'll see you to the door
see (bet) - (verb) match or meet - e.g. I saw the bet of one of my fellow players
see (bet) - (verb) make sense of; assign a meaning to - e.g. What message do you see in this letter?
seed (fruit) - (noun) a small hard fruit - e.g.
seed (ovule) - (noun) a mature fertilized plant ovule consisting of an embryo and its food source and having a protective coat or testa - e.g.
seed (player) - (noun) one of the outstanding players in a tournament - e.g.
seed (player) - (noun) anything that provides inspiration for later work - e.g.
seed (player) - (noun) the thick white fluid containing spermatozoa that is ejaculated by the male genital tract - e.g.
seed (spill) - (verb) go to seed; shed seeds - e.g. The dandelions went to seed
seed (finance) - (verb) help (an enterprise) in its early stages of development by providing seed money - e.g.
seed (bear) - (verb) bear seeds - e.g.
seed (bear) - (verb) place (seeds) in or on the ground for future growth - e.g. She sowed sunflower seeds
seed (rate) - (verb) distribute (players or teams) so that outstanding teams or players will not meet in the early rounds - e.g.
seed (process) - (verb) sprinkle with silver iodide particles to disperse and cause rain - e.g. seed clouds
seed (inoculate) - (verb) inoculate with microorganisms - e.g.
seed (remove) - (verb) remove the seeds from - e.g. seed grapes
seed (remove) - (verb) give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect - e.g. She seems to be sleeping
seed (remove) - (verb) seem to be true, probable, or apparent - e.g. It seems that he is very gifted
seem (be) - (verb) appear to exist - e.g. There seems no reason to go ahead with the project now
seem (appear) - (verb) appear to one's own mind or opinion - e.g. I seem to be misunderstood by everyone
seem (appear) - (verb) the act of choosing or selecting - e.g. your choice of colors was unfortunate
selection (assortment) - (noun) an assortment of things from which a choice can be made - e.g. the store carried a large selection of shoes
selection (assortment) - (noun) the person or thing chosen or selected - e.g. he was my pick for mayor
selection (assortment) - (noun) a natural process resulting in the evolution of organisms best adapted to the environment - e.g.
selection (assortment) - (noun) a passage selected from a larger work - e.g. he presented excerpts from William James' philosophical writings
self (consciousness) - (noun) your consciousness of your own identity - e.g.
self (person) - (noun) a person considered as a unique individual - e.g. one's own self
send (move) - (verb) cause to go somewhere - e.g. The explosion sent the car flying in the air
send (transmit) - (verb) to cause or order to be taken, directed, or transmitted to another place - e.g. He had sent the dispatches downtown to the proper people and had slept
send (transmit) - (verb) cause to be directed or transmitted to another place - e.g. send me your latest results
send (transmit) - (verb) transport commercially - e.g.
send (transmit) - (verb) assign to a station - e.g.
send (transfer) - (verb) transfer - e.g. The spy sent the classified information off to Russia
send (transfer) - (verb) cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution - e.g. After the second episode, she had to be committed
send (transfer) - (verb) broadcast over the airwaves, as in radio or television - e.g. We cannot air this X-rated song
sense (awareness) - (noun) a general conscious awareness - e.g. a sense of security
sense (meaning) - (noun) the meaning of a word or expression; the way in which a word or expression or situation can be interpreted - e.g. the dictionary gave several senses for the word
sense (faculty) - (noun) the faculty through which the external world is apprehended - e.g. in the dark he had to depend on touch and on his senses of smell and hearing
sense (faculty) - (noun) sound practical judgment - e.g. Common sense is not so common
sense (appreciation) - (noun) a natural appreciation or ability - e.g. a keen musical sense
sense (appreciation) - (noun) perceive by a physical sensation, e.g., coming from the skin or muscles - e.g. He felt the wind
sense (detect) - (verb) detect some circumstance or entity automatically - e.g. This robot can sense the presence of people in the room
sense (detect) - (verb) become aware of not through the senses but instinctively - e.g. I sense his hostility
sense (understand) - (verb) comprehend - e.g. I sensed the real meaning of his letter
sense (understand) - (verb) a separately printed article that originally appeared in a larger publication - e.g.
separate (garment) - (noun) a garment that can be purchased separately and worn in combinations with other garments - e.g.
servant (worker) - (noun) a person working in the service of another (especially in the household) - e.g.
servant (worker) - (noun) in a subordinate position - e.g. theology should be the handmaiden of ethics
sex (bodily process) - (noun) activities associated with sexual intercourse - e.g. they had sex in the back seat
sex (class) - (noun) either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided - e.g. the war between the sexes
sex (feeling) - (noun) all of the feelings resulting from the urge to gratify sexual impulses - e.g. he wanted a better sex life
sex (physiological property) - (noun) the properties that distinguish organisms on the basis of their reproductive roles - e.g. she didn't want to know the sex of the foetus
sex (physiological property) - (noun) stimulate sexually - e.g. This movie usually arouses the male audience
sex (distinguish) - (verb) tell the sex (of young chickens) - e.g.
shade (semidarkness) - (noun) relative darkness caused by light rays being intercepted by an opaque body - e.g. it is much cooler in the shade
shade (color) - (noun) a quality of a given color that differs slightly from another color - e.g. after several trials he mixed the shade of pink that she wanted
shade (protective covering) - (noun) protective covering that protects something from direct sunlight - e.g. they used umbrellas as shades
shade (protective covering) - (noun) a subtle difference in meaning or opinion or attitude - e.g. without understanding the finer nuances you can't enjoy the humor
shade (inferiority) - (noun) a position of relative inferiority - e.g. an achievement that puts everything else in the shade
shade (inferiority) - (noun) a slight amount or degree of difference - e.g. a tad too expensive
shade (inferiority) - (noun) a mental representation of some haunting experience - e.g. he looked like he had seen a ghost
shade (representation) - (noun) a representation of the effect of shadows in a picture or drawing (as by shading or darker pigment) - e.g.
shade (representation) - (noun) cast a shadow over - e.g.
shade (paint) - (verb) represent the effect of shade or shadow on - e.g.
shade (screen) - (verb) protect from light, heat, or view - e.g. Shade your eyes when you step out into the bright sunlight
shade (change) - (verb) vary slightly - e.g. shade the meaning
shade (change) - (verb) pass from one quality such as color to another by a slight degree - e.g. the butterfly wings shade to yellow
shade (change) - (verb) building material used as siding or roofing - e.g.
shade (change) - (verb) frothy drink of milk and flavoring and sometimes fruit or ice cream - e.g.
shade (change) - (verb) a note that alternates rapidly with another note a semitone above it - e.g.
shade (change) - (verb) grasping and shaking a person's hand (as to acknowledge an introduction or to agree on a contract) - e.g.
shade (change) - (verb) a reflex motion caused by cold or fear or excitement - e.g.
shade (change) - (verb) causing to move repeatedly from side to side - e.g.
shake (move) - (verb) move or cause to move back and forth - e.g. The chemist shook the flask vigorously
shake (move involuntarily) - (verb) move with or as if with a tremor - e.g. his hands shook
shake (move involuntarily) - (verb) shake or vibrate rapidly and intensively - e.g. The old engine was juddering
shake (move involuntarily) - (verb) move back and forth or sideways - e.g. the ship was rocking
shake (weaken) - (verb) undermine or cause to waver - e.g. my faith has been shaken
shake (weaken) - (verb) stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of - e.g. These stories shook the community
shake (escape) - (verb) get rid of - e.g. I couldn't shake the car that was following me
shake (change) - (verb) bring to a specified condition by or as if by shaking - e.g. He was shaken from his dreams
shake (gesticulate) - (verb) shake (a body part) to communicate a greeting, feeling, or cognitive state - e.g. shake one's head
shame (feeling) - (noun) a painful emotion resulting from an awareness of inadequacy or guilt - e.g.
shame (dishonor) - (noun) a state of dishonor - e.g. one mistake brought shame to all his family
shame (dishonor) - (noun) an unfortunate development - e.g. it's a pity he couldn't do it
shame (dishonor) - (noun) bring shame or dishonor upon - e.g. he dishonored his family by committing a serious crime
shame (compel) - (verb) compel through a sense of shame - e.g. She shamed him into making amends
shame (arouse) - (verb) cause to be ashamed - e.g.
shame (surpass) - (verb) surpass or beat by a wide margin - e.g.
shark (elasmobranch) - (noun) any of numerous elongate mostly marine carnivorous fishes with heterocercal caudal fins and tough skin covered with small toothlike scales - e.g.
shark (wrongdoer) - (noun) a person who is ruthless and greedy and dishonest - e.g.
shark (expert) - (noun) a person who is unusually skilled in certain ways - e.g. a card shark
shark (cheat) - (verb) play the shark; act with trickery - e.g.
shark (fish) - (verb) hunt shark - e.g.
sharp (musical notation) - (noun) a musical notation indicating one half step higher than the note named - e.g.
sharp (sewing needle) - (noun) a long thin sewing needle with a sharp point - e.g.
sharp (sewing needle) - (noun) (of something seen or heard) clearly defined - e.g. a sharp photographic image
sharp (sewing needle) - (noun) ending in a sharp point - e.g.
sharp (sewing needle) - (noun) having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions - e.g. an acute observer of politics and politicians
sharp (sewing needle) - (noun) marked by practical hardheaded intelligence - e.g. a smart businessman
sheep (bovid) - (noun) woolly usually horned ruminant mammal related to the goat - e.g.
sheep (simpleton) - (noun) a timid defenseless simpleton who is readily preyed upon - e.g.
sheep (follower) - (noun) a docile and vulnerable person who would rather follow than make an independent decision - e.g. his students followed him like sheep
shelf (support) - (noun) a support that consists of a horizontal surface for holding objects - e.g.
shelf (support) - (noun) a projecting ridge on a mountain or submerged under water - e.g.
ship (vessel) - (noun) a vessel that carries passengers or freight - e.g.
ship (vessel) - (noun) transport commercially - e.g.
ship (hire) - (verb) hire for work on a ship - e.g.
ship (hire) - (verb) go on board - e.g.
ship (travel) - (verb) travel by ship - e.g.
ship (put) - (verb) place on board a ship - e.g. ship the cargo in the hold of the vessel
shirt (garment) - (noun) a garment worn on the upper half of the body - e.g.
shirt (dress) - (verb) put a shirt on - e.g.
shirt (dress) - (verb) the feeling of distress and disbelief that you have when something bad happens accidentally - e.g. his mother's death left him in a daze
shock (fight) - (noun) the violent interaction of individuals or groups entering into combat - e.g. the armies met in the shock of battle
shock (fight) - (noun) a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body - e.g. subjects received a small electric shock when they made the wrong response
shock (collapse) - (noun) (pathology) bodily collapse or near collapse caused by inadequate oxygen delivery to the cells; characterized by reduced cardiac output and rapid heartbeat and circulatory insufficiency and... - e.g. loss of blood is an important cause of shock
shock (earthquake) - (noun) an instance of agitation of the earth's crust - e.g. the first shock of the earthquake came shortly after noon while workers were at lunch
shock (surprise) - (noun) an unpleasant or disappointing surprise - e.g. it came as a shock to learn that he was injured
shock (pile) - (noun) a pile of sheaves of grain set on end in a field to dry; stalks of Indian corn set up in a field - e.g. corn is bound in small sheaves and several sheaves are set up together in shocks
shock (mass) - (noun) a bushy thick mass (especially hair) - e.g. he had an unruly shock of black hair
shock (mass) - (noun) a sudden jarring impact - e.g. the door closed with a jolt
shock (damper) - (noun) a mechanical damper; absorbs energy of sudden impulses - e.g. the old car needed a new set of shocks
shock (surprise) - (verb) surprise greatly; knock someone's socks off - e.g. I was floored when I heard that I was promoted
shock (disgust) - (verb) strike with disgust or revulsion - e.g. The scandalous behavior of this married woman shocked her friends
shock (dismay) - (verb) strike with horror or terror - e.g. The news of the bombing shocked her
shock (collide) - (verb) collide violently - e.g.
shock (gather) - (verb) collect or gather into shocks - e.g. shock grain
shock (treat) - (verb) subject to electrical shocks - e.g.
shock (treat) - (verb) inflict a trauma upon - e.g.
shoe (footwear) - (noun) footwear shaped to fit the foot (below the ankle) with a flexible upper of leather or plastic and a sole and heel of heavier material - e.g.
shoe (case) - (noun) (card games) a case from which playing cards are dealt one at a time - e.g.
shoe (case) - (noun) U-shaped plate nailed to underside of horse's hoof - e.g.
shoe (case) - (noun) a restraint provided when the brake linings are moved hydraulically against the brake drum to retard the wheel's rotation - e.g.
shoe (dress) - (verb) furnish with shoes - e.g. the children were well shoed
short (tract) - (noun) the location on a baseball field where the shortstop is stationed - e.g.
short (contact) - (noun) accidental contact between two points in an electric circuit that have a potential difference - e.g.
short (position) - (noun) the fielding position of the player on a baseball team who is stationed between second and third base - e.g.
short (victimize) - (verb) cheat someone by not returning him enough money - e.g.
short (make) - (verb) create a short circuit in - e.g.
short (make) - (verb) disparaging terms for small people - e.g.
short (make) - (verb) any of various edible decapod crustaceans - e.g.
shrimp (decapod crustacean) - (noun) small slender-bodied chiefly marine decapod crustaceans with a long tail and single pair of pincers; many species are edible - e.g.
shrimp (fish) - (verb) fish for shrimp - e.g.
shrimp (fish) - (verb) move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut - e.g. Close the door
shrimp (fish) - (verb) become closed - e.g. The windows closed with a loud bang
shrimp (fish) - (verb) prevent from entering; shut out - e.g. The trees were shutting out all sunlight
side (region) - (noun) a place within a region identified relative to a center or reference location - e.g. they always sat on the right side of the church
side (unit) - (noun) one of two or more contesting groups - e.g. the Confederate side was prepared to attack
side (area) - (noun) either the left or right half of a body - e.g. he had a pain in his side
side (surface) - (noun) a surface forming part of the outside of an object - e.g. he examined all sides of the crystal
side (surface) - (noun) an extended outer surface of an object - e.g. he turned the box over to examine the bottom side
side (aspect) - (noun) an aspect of something (as contrasted with some other implied aspect) - e.g. he was on the heavy side
side (line) - (noun) a line segment forming part of the perimeter of a plane figure - e.g. the hypotenuse of a right triangle is always the longest side
side (lineage) - (noun) a family line of descent - e.g. he gets his brains from his father's side
side (cut) - (noun) a lengthwise dressed half of an animal's carcass used for food - e.g.
side (opinion) - (noun) an opinion that is held in opposition to another in an argument or dispute - e.g. there are two sides to every question
side (opinion) - (noun) an elevated geological formation - e.g. he climbed the steep slope
side (opinion) - (noun) (sports) the spin given to a ball by striking it on one side or releasing it with a sharp twist - e.g.
side (align) - (verb) take sides for or against - e.g. Who are you widing with?
sign (clue) - (noun) a perceptible indication of something not immediately apparent (as a visible clue that something has happened) - e.g. he showed signs of strain
sign (communication) - (noun) a public display of a message - e.g. he posted signs in all the shop windows
sign (communication) - (noun) any nonverbal action or gesture that encodes a message - e.g. signals from the boat suddenly stopped
sign (structure) - (noun) structure displaying a board on which advertisements can be posted - e.g. the highway was lined with signboards
sign (region) - (noun) (astrology) one of 12 equal areas into which the zodiac is divided - e.g.
sign (evidence) - (noun) (medicine) any objective evidence of the presence of a disorder or disease - e.g. there were no signs of asphyxiation
sign (evidence) - (noun) having an indicated pole (as the distinction between positive and negative electric charges) - e.g. he got the polarity of the battery reversed
sign (evidence) - (noun) an event that is experienced as indicating important things to come - e.g. he hoped it was an augury
sign (gesture) - (noun) a gesture that is part of a sign language - e.g.
sign (language unit) - (noun) a fundamental linguistic unit linking a signifier to that which is signified - e.g. The bond between the signifier and the signified is arbitrary"--de Saussure
sign (mathematical notation) - (noun) a character indicating a relation between quantities - e.g. don't forget the minus sign
sign (write) - (verb) mark with one's signature; write one's name (on) - e.g. She signed the letter and sent it off
sign (validate) - (verb) approve and express assent, responsibility, or obligation - e.g. All parties ratified the peace treaty
sign (contract) - (verb) be engaged by a written agreement - e.g. He signed to play the casino on Dec. 18
sign (hire) - (verb) engage by written agreement - e.g. They signed two new pitchers for the next season
sign (communicate) - (verb) communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs - e.g. He signed his disapproval with a dismissive hand gesture
sign (put) - (verb) place signs, as along a road - e.g. sign an intersection
sign (communicate) - (verb) communicate in sign language - e.g. I don't know how to sign, so I could not communicate with my deaf cousin
sign (communicate) - (verb) make the sign of the cross over someone in order to call on God for protection; consecrate - e.g.
sign (communicate) - (verb) used of the language of the deaf - e.g.
silk (fabric) - (noun) a fabric made from the fine threads produced by certain insect larvae - e.g.
silk (animal fiber) - (noun) animal fibers produced by silkworms and other larvae that spin cocoons and by most spiders - e.g.
silver (conductor) - (noun) a soft white precious univalent metallic element having the highest electrical and thermal conductivity of any metal; occurs in argentite and in free form; used in coins and jewelry and tab... - e.g.
silver (precious metal) - (noun) coins made of silver - e.g.
silver (precious metal) - (noun) a light shade of grey - e.g.
silver (precious metal) - (noun) silverware eating utensils - e.g.
silver (trophy) - (noun) a trophy made of silver (or having the appearance of silver) that is usually awarded for winning second place in a competition - e.g.
silver (plate) - (verb) coat with a layer of silver or a silver amalgam - e.g. silver the necklace
silver (color) - (verb) make silver in color - e.g. Her worries had silvered her hair
silver (discolor) - (verb) turn silver - e.g. The man's hair silvered very attractively
simple (herb) - (noun) any herbaceous plant having medicinal properties - e.g.
simple (person) - (noun) a person lacking intelligence or common sense - e.g.
sister (female sibling) - (noun) a female person who has the same parents as another person - e.g. my sister married a musician
sister (nun) - (noun) (Roman Catholic Church) a title given to a nun (and used as a form of address) - e.g. the Sisters taught her to love God
sister (member) - (noun) a female person who is a fellow member of a sorority or labor union or other group - e.g. none of her sisters would betray her
sister (member) - (noun) (slang) sometimes used as a term of address for attractive young women - e.g.
size (magnitude) - (noun) the physical magnitude of something (how big it is) - e.g. a wolf is about the size of a large dog
size (property) - (noun) the property resulting from being one of a series of graduated measurements (as of clothing) - e.g. he wears a size 13 shoe
size (filler) - (noun) any glutinous material used to fill pores in surfaces or to stiffen fabrics - e.g. size gives body to a fabric
size (situation) - (noun) the actual state of affairs - e.g. that's the size of the situation
size (magnitude) - (noun) a large magnitude - e.g. he blanched when he saw the size of the bill
size (coat) - (verb) cover or stiffen or glaze a porous material with size or sizing (a glutinous substance) - e.g.
size (classify) - (verb) sort according to size - e.g.
size (change magnitude) - (verb) make to a size; bring to a suitable size - e.g.
skin (body covering) - (noun) a natural protective body covering and site of the sense of touch - e.g. your skin is the largest organ of your body
skin (surface) - (noun) an outer surface (usually thin) - e.g. the skin of an airplane
skin (surface) - (noun) body covering of a living animal - e.g.
skin (animation) - (noun) a person's skin regarded as their life - e.g. he tried to save his skin
skin (animation) - (noun) the rind of a fruit or vegetable - e.g.
skin (bag) - (noun) a bag serving as a container for liquids; it is made from the hide of an animal - e.g.
skin (bag) - (noun) climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling - e.g.
skin (injure) - (verb) bruise, cut, or injure the skin or the surface of - e.g. The boy skinned his knee when he fell
skin (injure) - (verb) remove the bark of a tree - e.g.
skin (strip) - (verb) strip the skin off - e.g. pare apples
skirt (cloth covering) - (noun) cloth covering that forms the part of a garment below the waist - e.g.
skirt (garment) - (noun) a garment hanging from the waist; worn mainly by girls and women - e.g.
skirt (garment) - (noun) (Fungi) a remnant of the partial veil that in mature mushrooms surrounds the stem like a collar - e.g.
skirt (garment) - (noun) informal terms for a (young) woman - e.g.
skirt (garment) - (noun) avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues) - e.g. He dodged the issue
skirt (travel by) - (verb) pass around or about; move along the border - e.g. The boat skirted the coast
skirt (bound) - (verb) form the edge of - e.g.
skirt (bound) - (verb) extend on all sides of simultaneously; encircle - e.g. The forest surrounds my property
sky (atmosphere) - (noun) the atmosphere and outer space as viewed from the earth - e.g.
sky (atmosphere) - (noun) throw or toss with a light motion - e.g. flip me the beachball
sleep (physical condition) - (noun) a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world is suspended - e.g. he didn't get enough sleep last night
sleep (physical condition) - (noun) a torpid state resembling deep sleep - e.g.
sleep (time period) - (noun) a period of time spent sleeping - e.g. he felt better after a little sleep
sleep (time period) - (noun) euphemisms for death (based on an analogy between lying in a bed and in a tomb) - e.g. she was laid to rest beside her husband
sleep (rest) - (verb) be asleep - e.g.
sleep (accommodate) - (verb) be able to accommodate for sleeping - e.g. This tent sleeps six people
sleep (accommodate) - (verb) a socially awkward or tactless act - e.g.
slip (mistake) - (noun) a minor inadvertent mistake usually observed in speech or writing or in small accidents or memory lapses etc. - e.g.
slip (potter's clay) - (noun) potter's clay that is thinned and used for coating or decorating ceramics - e.g.
slip (potter's clay) - (noun) a part (sometimes a root or leaf or bud) removed from a plant to propagate a new plant through rooting or grafting - e.g.
slip (young person) - (noun) a young and slender person - e.g. he's a mere slip of a lad
slip (young person) - (noun) a place where a craft can be made fast - e.g.
slip (mishap) - (noun) an accidental misstep threatening (or causing) a fall - e.g. he blamed his slip on the ice
slip (mishap) - (noun) a slippery smoothness - e.g. he could feel the slickness of the tiller
slip (mishap) - (noun) artifact consisting of a narrow flat piece of material - e.g.
slip (sheet) - (noun) a small sheet of paper - e.g. a receipt slip
slip (sheet) - (noun) a woman's sleeveless undergarment - e.g.
slip (sheet) - (noun) bed linen consisting of a cover for a pillow - e.g. the burglar carried his loot in a pillowcase
slip (sheet) - (noun) an unexpected slide - e.g.
slip (flight maneuver) - (noun) a flight maneuver; aircraft slides sideways in the air - e.g.
slip (evasion) - (noun) the act of avoiding capture (especially by cunning) - e.g.
slip (evasion) - (noun) move stealthily - e.g. The ship slipped away in the darkness
slip (insert) - (verb) insert inconspicuously or quickly or quietly - e.g. He slipped some money into the waiter's hand
slip (insert) - (verb) move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner - e.g. the wheels skidded against the sidewalk
slip (worsen) - (verb) get worse - e.g. My grades are slipping
slip (escape) - (verb) move smoothly and easily - e.g. the bolt slipped into place
slip (escape) - (verb) to make a mistake or be incorrect - e.g.
slip (pass) - (verb) pass on stealthily - e.g. He slipped me the key when nobody was looking
slip (move) - (verb) move easily - e.g. slip into something comfortable
slip (move) - (verb) cause to move with a smooth or sliding motion - e.g. he slipped the bolt into place
slip (forget) - (verb) pass out of one's memory - e.g.
slip (forget) - (verb) move out of position - e.g. dislocate joints
slope (geological formation) - (noun) an elevated geological formation - e.g. he climbed the steep slope
slope (geological formation) - (noun) the property possessed by a line or surface that departs from the horizontal - e.g. a five-degree gradient
slope (lean) - (verb) be at an angle - e.g. The terrain sloped down
slope (lean) - (verb) lose velocity; move more slowly - e.g. The car decelerated
slow (weaken) - (verb) become slow or slower - e.g. Production slowed
slow (decelerate) - (verb) cause to proceed more slowly - e.g. The illness slowed him down
small (body part) - (noun) the slender part of the back - e.g.
small (size) - (noun) a garment size for a small person - e.g.
small (size) - (noun) a vigorous blow - e.g. the sudden knock floored him
smash (collision) - (noun) a serious collision (especially of motor vehicles) - e.g.
smash (collision) - (noun) a hard return hitting the tennis ball above your head - e.g.
smash (collision) - (noun) the act of colliding with something - e.g. his crash through the window
smash (collision) - (noun) a conspicuous success - e.g. that song was his first hit and marked the beginning of his career
smash (hit) - (verb) hit hard - e.g. He smashed a 3-run homer
smash (break) - (verb) break into pieces, as by striking or knocking over - e.g. Smash a plate
smash (break) - (verb) reduce to bankruptcy - e.g. My daughter's fancy wedding is going to break me!
smash (hit) - (verb) hit violently - e.g. She smashed her car against the guard rail
smash (hit) - (verb) humiliate or depress completely - e.g. She was crushed by his refusal of her invitation
smash (hit) - (verb) damage or destroy as if by violence - e.g. The teenager banged up the car of his mother
smash (hit) - (verb) hit (a tennis ball) in a powerful overhead stroke - e.g.
smash (collide) - (verb) collide or strike violently and suddenly - e.g. The motorcycle smashed into the guard rail
smash (demolish) - (verb) overthrow or destroy (something considered evil or harmful) - e.g. The police smashed the drug ring after they were tipped off
smash (break) - (verb) break suddenly into pieces, as from a violent blow - e.g. The window smashed
smell (sensation) - (noun) the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulated by particular chemicals in gaseous form - e.g. she loved the smell of roses
smell (sensation) - (noun) any property detected by the olfactory system - e.g.
smell (sensation) - (noun) the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people - e.g. the feel of the city excited him
smell (modality) - (noun) the faculty that enables us to distinguish scents - e.g.
smell (sensing) - (noun) the act of perceiving the odor of something - e.g.
smell (perceive) - (verb) inhale the odor of; perceive by the olfactory sense - e.g.
smell (cause to be perceived) - (verb) emit an odor - e.g. The soup smells good
smell (smell) - (verb) smell bad - e.g. He rarely washes, and he smells
smell (smell) - (verb) have an element suggestive (of something) - e.g. his speeches smacked of racism
smell (perceive) - (verb) become aware of not through the senses but instinctively - e.g. I sense his hostility
smile (facial expression) - (noun) a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usually shows pleasure or amusement - e.g.
smile (grimace) - (verb) change one's facial expression by spreading the lips, often to signal pleasure - e.g.
smile (express) - (verb) express with a smile - e.g. She smiled her thanks
smoke (aerosol) - (noun) a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas - e.g.
smoke (vaporization) - (noun) a hot vapor containing fine particles of carbon being produced by combustion - e.g. the fire produced a tower of black smoke that could be seen for miles
smoke (indication) - (noun) an indication of some hidden activity - e.g. with all that smoke there must be a fire somewhere
smoke (insubstantiality) - (noun) something with no concrete substance - e.g. his dreams all turned to smoke
smoke (insubstantiality) - (noun) tobacco leaves that have been made into a cylinder - e.g.
smoke (insubstantiality) - (noun) street names for marijuana - e.g.
smoke (breathing) - (noun) the act of smoking tobacco or other substances - e.g. he went outside for a smoke
smoke (breathing) - (noun) (baseball) a pitch thrown with maximum velocity - e.g. he swung late on the fastball
smoke (consume) - (verb) inhale and exhale smoke from cigarettes, cigars, pipes - e.g. We never smoked marijuana
smoke (consume) - (verb) emit a cloud of fine particles - e.g. The chimney was fuming
smooth (accomplishment) - (noun) the act of smoothing - e.g. he gave his hair a quick smooth
smooth (change surface) - (verb) make smooth or smoother, as if by rubbing - e.g. smooth the surface of the wood
smooth (change surface) - (verb) make (a surface) shine - e.g. shine the silver, please
smooth (rid) - (verb) free from obstructions - e.g. smooth the way towards peace negotiations
snail (gastropod) - (noun) freshwater or marine or terrestrial gastropod mollusk usually having an external enclosing spiral shell - e.g.
snail (gastropod) - (noun) edible terrestrial snail usually served in the shell with a sauce of melted butter and garlic - e.g.
snail (gather) - (verb) gather snails - e.g. We went snailing in the summer
snake (diapsid) - (noun) limbless scaly elongate reptile; some are venomous - e.g.
snake (bad person) - (noun) a deceitful or treacherous person - e.g.
sneeze (symptom) - (noun) a symptom consisting of the involuntary expulsion of air from the nose - e.g.
sneeze (act involuntarily) - (verb) exhale spasmodically, as when an irritant entered one's nose - e.g. Pepper makes me sneeze
snow (precipitation) - (noun) precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals - e.g.
snow (layer) - (noun) a layer of snowflakes (white crystals of frozen water) covering the ground - e.g.
so (solfa syllable) - (noun) the syllable naming the fifth (dominant) note of any musical scale in solmization - e.g.
soap (cleansing agent) - (noun) a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats - e.g.
soap (bribe) - (noun) money offered as a bribe - e.g.
soap (gamma hydroxybutyrate) - (noun) street names for gamma hydroxybutyrate - e.g.
soap (cleanse) - (verb) rub soap all over, usually with the purpose of cleaning - e.g.
society (social group) - (noun) an extended social group having a distinctive cultural and economic organization - e.g.
society (social group) - (noun) a formal association of people with similar interests - e.g. he joined a golf club
society (social group) - (noun) the state of being with someone - e.g. he missed their company
society (elite) - (noun) the fashionable elite - e.g.
sock (hosiery) - (noun) hosiery consisting of a cloth covering for the foot; worn inside the shoe; reaches to between the ankle and the knee - e.g.
sock (hosiery) - (noun) a truncated cloth cone mounted on a mast; used (e.g., at airports) to show the direction of the wind - e.g.
sock (hit) - (verb) hit hard - e.g.
solid (matter) - (noun) matter that is solid at room temperature and pressure - e.g.
solid (state of matter) - (noun) the state in which a substance has no tendency to flow under moderate stress; resists forces (such as compression) that tend to deform it; and retains a definite size and shape - e.g.
solid (shape) - (noun) a three-dimensional shape - e.g.
son (male offspring) - (noun) a male human offspring - e.g. their son became a famous judge
song (musical composition) - (noun) a short musical composition with words - e.g. a successful musical must have at least three good songs
song (sound) - (noun) a distinctive or characteristic sound - e.g. the song of bullets was in the air
song (vocal music) - (noun) the act of singing - e.g. with a shout and a song they marched up to the gates
song (vocal music) - (noun) the characteristic sound produced by a bird - e.g. a bird will not learn its song unless it hears it at an early age
song (bargain) - (noun) a very small sum - e.g. he bought it for a song
song (bargain) - (noun) the imperial dynasty of China from 960 to 1279; noted for art and literature and philosophy - e.g.
song (bargain) - (noun) a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality - e.g. sculpture is a form of art
sort (similarity) - (noun) an approximate definition or example - e.g. she wore a sort of magenta dress
sort (person) - (noun) a person of a particular character or nature - e.g. what sort of person is he?
sort (operation) - (noun) an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion - e.g. the bottleneck in mail delivery is the process of sorting
sort (operation) - (noun) examine in order to test suitability - e.g. screen these samples
sort (operation) - (noun) arrange or order by classes or categories - e.g. How would you classify these pottery shards--are they prehistoric?
sound (sound property) - (noun) the particular auditory effect produced by a given cause - e.g. the sound of rain on the roof
sound (sensation) - (noun) the subjective sensation of hearing something - e.g. he strained to hear the faint sounds
sound (mechanical phenomenon) - (noun) mechanical vibrations transmitted by an elastic medium - e.g. falling trees make a sound in the forest even when no one is there to hear them
sound (happening) - (noun) the sudden occurrence of an audible event - e.g. the sound awakened them
sound (happening) - (noun) the audible part of a transmitted signal - e.g. they always raise the audio for commercials
sound (happening) - (noun) (phonetics) an individual sound unit of speech without concern as to whether or not it is a phoneme of some language - e.g.
sound (happening) - (noun) a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water - e.g.
sound (body of water) - (noun) a large ocean inlet or deep bay - e.g. the main body of the sound ran parallel to the coast
sound (look) - (verb) appear in a certain way - e.g. This sounds interesting
sound (cause to be perceived) - (verb) make a certain noise or sound - e.g. She went `Mmmmm'
soup (dish) - (noun) liquid food especially of meat or fish or vegetable stock often containing pieces of solid food - e.g.
soup (composition) - (noun) any composition having a consistency suggestive of soup - e.g.
soup (situation) - (noun) an unfortunate situation - e.g. we're in the soup now
soup (dope) - (verb) dope (a racehorse) - e.g.
soup (dish) - (noun) liquid food especially of meat or fish or vegetable stock often containing pieces of solid food - e.g.
soup (composition) - (noun) any composition having a consistency suggestive of soup - e.g.
soup (situation) - (noun) an unfortunate situation - e.g. we're in the soup now
soup (dope) - (verb) dope (a racehorse) - e.g.
soy (bean) - (noun) a source of oil; used for forage and soil improvement and as food - e.g.
soy (legume) - (noun) erect bushy hairy annual herb having trifoliate leaves and purple to pink flowers; extensively cultivated for food and forage and soil improvement but especially for its nutritious oil-rich... - e.g.
soy (condiment) - (noun) thin sauce made of fermented soy beans - e.g.
soy (bean) - (noun) the most highly proteinaceous vegetable known; the fruit of the soybean plant is used in a variety of foods and as fodder (especially as a replacement for animal protein) - e.g.
space (attribute) - (noun) the unlimited expanse in which everything is located - e.g. they tested his ability to locate objects in space
space (amorphous shape) - (noun) an empty area (usually bounded in some way between things) - e.g. the architect left space in front of the building
space (area) - (noun) an area reserved for some particular purpose - e.g. the laboratory's floor space
space (area) - (noun) any location outside the Earth's atmosphere - e.g. the astronauts walked in outer space without a tether
space (character) - (noun) a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing - e.g. he said the space is the most important character in the alphabet
space (character) - (noun) the interval between two times - e.g. the distance from birth to death
space (area) - (noun) a blank area - e.g. write your name in the space provided
space (area) - (noun) one of the areas between or below or above the lines of a musical staff - e.g. the spaces are the notes F-A-C-E
space (area) - (noun) (printing) a block of type without a raised letter; used for spacing between words or sentences - e.g.
space (put) - (verb) place at intervals - e.g. Space the interviews so that you have some time between the different candidates
spade (playing card) - (noun) a playing card in the major suit that has one or more black figures on it - e.g. she led a low spade
spade (hand shovel) - (noun) a sturdy hand shovel that can be pushed into the earth with the foot - e.g.
spade (hand shovel) - (noun) (ethnic slur) extremely offensive name for a Black person - e.g. only a Black can call another Black a nigga
spade (dig) - (verb) dig (up) with a spade - e.g. I spade compost into the flower beds
special (offer) - (noun) a special offering (usually temporary and at a reduced price) that is featured in advertising - e.g. they are having a special on pork chops
special (dish) - (noun) a dish or meal given prominence in e.g. a restaurant - e.g.
special (television program) - (noun) a television production that features a particular person or work or topic - e.g. the last of a series of BBC specials on Iran is being shown tonight
special (television program) - (noun) unique or specific to a person or thing or category - e.g. the particular demands of the job
spice (preservative) - (noun) aromatic substances of vegetable origin used as a preservative - e.g.
spice (flavorer) - (noun) any of a variety of pungent aromatic vegetable substances used for flavoring food - e.g.
spice (flavorer) - (noun) the property of being seasoned with spice and so highly flavored - e.g.
spice (change) - (verb) make more interesting or flavorful - e.g. Spice up the evening by inviting a belly dancer
spice (change) - (verb) add herbs or spices to - e.g.
spider (arachnid) - (noun) predatory arachnid with eight legs, two poison fangs, two feelers, and usually two silk-spinning organs at the back end of the body; they spin silk to make cocoons for eggs or traps for prey - e.g.
spider (program) - (noun) a computer program that prowls the internet looking for publicly accessible resources that can be added to a database; the database can then be searched with a search engine - e.g.
spider (frying pan) - (noun) a skillet made of cast iron - e.g.
spinach (vegetable) - (noun) southwestern Asian plant widely cultivated for its succulent edible dark green leaves - e.g.
spinach (greens) - (noun) dark green leaves; eaten cooked or raw in salads - e.g.
sponge (absorbent material) - (noun) a porous mass of interlacing fibers that forms the internal skeleton of various marine animals and usable to absorb water or any porous rubber or cellulose product similarly used - e.g.
sponge (absorbent material) - (noun) someone able to acquire new knowledge and skills rapidly and easily - e.g. she soaks up foreign languages like a sponge
sponge (absorbent material) - (noun) a follower who hangs around a host (without benefit to the host) in hope of gain or advantage - e.g.
sponge (invertebrate) - (noun) primitive multicellular marine animal whose porous body is supported by a fibrous skeletal framework; usually occurs in sessile colonies - e.g.
sponge (wipe) - (verb) wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten - e.g.
sponge (wipe) - (verb) ask for and get free; be a parasite - e.g.
sponge (erase) - (verb) erase with a sponge; as of words on a blackboard - e.g.
sponge (wipe up) - (verb) soak up with a sponge - e.g.
sponge (gather) - (verb) gather sponges, in the ocean - e.g.
spoon (cutlery) - (noun) a piece of cutlery with a shallow bowl-shaped container and a handle; used to stir or serve or take up food - e.g.
spoon (containerful) - (noun) as much as a spoon will hold - e.g. he added two spoons of sugar
spoon (wood) - (noun) formerly a golfing wood with an elevated face - e.g.
spoon (remove) - (verb) scoop up or take up with a spoon - e.g. spoon the sauce over the roast
spoon (remove) - (verb) snuggle and lie in a position where one person faces the back of the others - e.g.
spring (season) - (noun) the season of growth - e.g. the emerging buds were a sure sign of spring
spring (elastic device) - (noun) a metal elastic device that returns to its shape or position when pushed or pulled or pressed - e.g. the spring was broken
spring (geological formation) - (noun) a natural flow of ground water - e.g.
spring (beginning) - (noun) a point at which water issues forth - e.g.
spring (beginning) - (noun) the elasticity of something that can be stretched and returns to its original length - e.g.
spring (beginning) - (noun) a light, self-propelled movement upwards or forwards - e.g.
spring (beginning) - (noun) move forward by leaps and bounds - e.g. The horse bounded across the meadow
spring (beginning) - (noun) develop into a distinctive entity - e.g. our plans began to take shape
spring (beginning) - (noun) spring back; spring away from an impact - e.g. The rubber ball bounced
spring (grow) - (verb) develop suddenly - e.g. The tire sprang a leak
spring (unwrap) - (verb) produce or disclose suddenly or unexpectedly - e.g. He sprang these news on me just as I was leaving
sprout (plant organ) - (noun) any new growth of a plant such as a new branch or a bud - e.g.
sprout (greens) - (noun) a newly grown bud (especially from a germinating seed) - e.g.
sprout (greens) - (noun) produce buds, branches, or germinate - e.g. the potatoes sprouted
sprout (grow) - (verb) put forth and grow sprouts or shoots - e.g. the plant sprouted early this year
square (regular polygon) - (noun) (geometry) a plane rectangle with four equal sides and four right angles; a four-sided regular polygon - e.g. you can compute the area of a square if you know the length of its sides
square (number) - (noun) the product of two equal terms - e.g. nine is the second power of three
square (number) - (noun) an open area at the meeting of two or more streets - e.g.
square (shape) - (noun) something approximating the shape of a square - e.g.
square (simpleton) - (noun) someone who doesn't understand what is going on - e.g.
square (conservative) - (noun) a formal and conservative person with old-fashioned views - e.g.
square (artifact) - (noun) any artifact having a shape similar to a plane geometric figure with four equal sides and four right angles - e.g. a checkerboard has 64 squares
square (hand tool) - (noun) a hand tool consisting of two straight arms at right angles; used to construct or test right angles - e.g. the carpenter who built this room must have lost his square
square (shape) - (verb) make square - e.g. Square the circle
square (multiply) - (verb) raise to the second power - e.g.
square (adjust) - (verb) cause to match, as of ideas or acts - e.g.
square (position) - (verb) position so as to be square - e.g. He squared his shoulders
square (match) - (verb) be compatible with - e.g. one idea squares with another
square (settle) - (verb) pay someone and settle a debt - e.g. I squared with him
square (settle) - (verb) turn the paddle; in canoeing - e.g.
square (settle) - (verb) turn the oar, while rowing - e.g.
squash (vine) - (noun) any of numerous annual trailing plants of the genus Cucurbita grown for their fleshy edible fruits - e.g.
squash (vegetable) - (noun) edible fruit of a squash plant; eaten as a vegetable - e.g.
squash (court game) - (noun) a game played in an enclosed court by two or four players who strike the ball with long-handled rackets - e.g.
squash (press) - (verb) to compress with violence, out of natural shape or condition - e.g. crush an aluminum can
squirrel (rodent) - (noun) a kind of arboreal rodent having a long bushy tail - e.g.
squirrel (fur) - (noun) the fur of a squirrel - e.g.
squirrel (fur) - (noun) any distinct time period in a sequence of events - e.g. we are in a transitional stage in which many former ideas must be revised or rejected
squirrel (fur) - (noun) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process - e.g. a remarkable degree of frankness
stage (platform) - (noun) a large platform on which people can stand and can be seen by an audience - e.g. he clambered up onto the stage and got the actors to help him into the box
stage (dramaturgy) - (noun) the theater as a profession (usually `the stage') - e.g. an early movie simply showed a long kiss by two actors of the contemporary stage
stage (coach) - (noun) a large coach-and-four formerly used to carry passengers and mail on regular routes between towns - e.g. we went out of town together by stage about ten or twelve miles
stage (travel) - (noun) a section or portion of a journey or course - e.g. then we embarked on the second stage of our Caribbean cruise
stage (scene) - (noun) any scene regarded as a setting for exhibiting or doing something - e.g. All the world's a stage"--Shakespeare
stage (platform) - (noun) a small platform on a microscope where the specimen is mounted for examination - e.g.
stage (re-create) - (verb) perform (a play), especially on a stage - e.g. we are going to stage `Othello'
stage (initiate) - (verb) plan, organize, and carry out (an event) - e.g. the neighboring tribe staged an invasion
stage (initiate) - (verb) the distinctive form in which a thing is made - e.g. pottery of this cast was found throughout the region
stamp (class) - (noun) a type or class - e.g. more men of his stamp are needed
stamp (symbol) - (noun) a symbol that is the result of printing or engraving - e.g. he put his stamp on the envelope
stamp (symbol) - (noun) a small adhesive token stuck on a letter or package to indicate that that postal fees have been paid - e.g.
stamp (symbol) - (noun) something that can be used as an official medium of payment - e.g.
stamp (symbol) - (noun) a small piece of adhesive paper that is put on an object to show that a government tax has been paid - e.g.
stamp (machine) - (noun) machine consisting of a heavy bar that moves vertically for pounding or crushing ores - e.g.
stamp (die) - (noun) a block or die used to imprint a mark or design - e.g.
stamp (die) - (noun) a device incised to make an impression; used to secure a closing or to authenticate documents - e.g.
stamp (die) - (noun) walk heavily - e.g. The men stomped through the snow in their heavy boots
stamp (impress) - (verb) to mark, or produce an imprint in or on something - e.g. a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps
stamp (qualify) - (verb) reveal clearly as having a certain character - e.g. His playing stamps him as a Romantic
stamp (affix) - (verb) affix a stamp to - e.g. Are the letters properly stamped?
stamp (affix) - (verb) treat or classify according to a mental stereotype - e.g. I was stereotyped as a lazy Southern European
stamp (snuff out) - (verb) destroy or extinguish as if by stamping with the foot - e.g. Stamp fascism into submission
stamp (shape) - (verb) form or cut out with a mold, form, or die - e.g. stamp needles
stamp (squash) - (verb) crush or grind with a heavy instrument - e.g. stamp fruit extract the juice
stamp (squash) - (verb) raise in a relief - e.g. embossed stationery
star (celestial body) - (noun) (astronomy) a celestial body of hot gases that radiates energy derived from thermonuclear reactions in the interior - e.g.
star (celestial body) - (noun) someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field - e.g.
star (celestial body) - (noun) any celestial body visible (as a point of light) from the Earth at night - e.g.
star (actor) - (noun) an actor who plays a principal role - e.g.
star (plane figure) - (noun) a plane figure with 5 or more points; often used as an emblem - e.g.
star (plane figure) - (noun) a performer who receives prominent billing - e.g.
star (plane figure) - (noun) a star-shaped character * used in printing - e.g.
star (topology) - (noun) the topology of a network whose components are connected to a hub - e.g.
star (have) - (verb) feature as the star - e.g. The movie stars Dustin Hoffman as an autistic man
star (perform) - (verb) be the star in a performance - e.g.
star (mark) - (verb) mark with an asterisk - e.g. Linguists star unacceptable sentences
star (mark) - (verb) indicating the most important performer or role - e.g. the leading man
start (beginning) - (noun) the beginning of anything - e.g. it was off to a good start
start (beginning) - (noun) the time at which something is supposed to begin - e.g. they got an early start
start (turn) - (noun) a turn to be a starter (in a game at the beginning) - e.g. he got his start because one of the regular pitchers was in the hospital
start (reflex) - (noun) a sudden involuntary movement - e.g. he awoke with a start
start (reflex) - (noun) the act of starting something - e.g. he was responsible for the beginning of negotiations
start (line) - (noun) a line indicating the location of the start of a race or a game - e.g.
start (signal) - (noun) a signal to begin (as in a race) - e.g. the starting signal was a green light
start (advantage) - (noun) the advantage gained by beginning early (as in a race) - e.g. with an hour's start he will be hard to catch
start (advantage) - (noun) take the first step or steps in carrying out an action - e.g. We began working at dawn
start (advantage) - (noun) set in motion, cause to start - e.g. The U.S. started a war in the Middle East
start (advantage) - (noun) leave - e.g. The family took off for Florida
start (advantage) - (noun) have a beginning, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense - e.g. The DMZ begins right over the hill
start (advantage) - (noun) bring into being - e.g. He initiated a new program
start (begin) - (verb) get off the ground - e.g. Who started this company?
start (move) - (verb) move or jump suddenly, as if in surprise or alarm - e.g. She startled when I walked into the room
statement (message) - (noun) a message that is stated or declared; a communication (oral or written) setting forth particulars or facts etc - e.g. according to his statement he was in London on that day
statement (message) - (noun) a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true - e.g. it was a strong argument that his hypothesis was true
statement (theme) - (noun) (music) the presentation of a musical theme - e.g. the initial statement of the sonata
statement (message) - (noun) a nonverbal message - e.g. a Cadillac makes a statement about who you are
statement (message) - (noun) the act of affirming or asserting or stating something - e.g.
statement (message) - (noun) (computer science) a line of code written as part of a computer program - e.g.
statement (commercial document) - (noun) a document showing credits and debits - e.g.
station (facility) - (noun) a facility equipped with special equipment and personnel for a particular purpose - e.g. he started looking for a gas station
station (facility) - (noun) proper or designated social situation - e.g. he overstepped his place
station (position) - (noun) (nautical) the location to which a ship or fleet is assigned for duty - e.g.
station (position) - (noun) the position where someone (as a guard or sentry) stands or is assigned to stand - e.g. a soldier manned the entrance post
station (radio frequency) - (noun) the frequency assigned to a broadcasting station - e.g.
station (move) - (verb) assign to a station - e.g.
steam (vapor) - (noun) water at boiling temperature diffused in the atmosphere - e.g.
steam (travel) - (verb) travel by means of steam power - e.g. The ship steamed off into the Pacific
steam (emit) - (verb) emit steam - e.g. The rain forest was literally steaming
steam (rise) - (verb) rise as vapor - e.g.
steam (anger) - (verb) get very angry - e.g. her indifference to his amorous advances really steamed the young man
steam (clean) - (verb) clean by means of steaming - e.g. steam-clean the upholstered sofa
steam (cook) - (verb) cook something by letting steam pass over it - e.g. just steam the vegetables
steel (alloy) - (noun) an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range - e.g.
steel (alloy) - (noun) a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard - e.g.
steel (sharpener) - (noun) knife sharpener consisting of a ridged steel rod - e.g.
steel (brace) - (verb) get ready for something difficult or unpleasant - e.g.
steel (cover) - (verb) cover, plate, or edge with steel - e.g.
steel (cover) - (verb) (linguistics) the form of a word after all affixes are removed - e.g. thematic vowels are part of the stem
steel (cover) - (verb) a slender or elongated structure that supports a plant or fungus or a plant part or plant organ - e.g.
steel (cover) - (verb) cylinder forming a long narrow part of something - e.g.
stem (tube) - (noun) the tube of a tobacco pipe - e.g.
stem (tube) - (noun) front part of a vessel or aircraft - e.g. he pointed the bow of the boat toward the finish line
stem (turn) - (noun) a turn made in skiing; the back of one ski is forced outward and the other ski is brought parallel to it - e.g.
stem (originate in) - (verb) grow out of, have roots in, originate in - e.g. The increase in the national debt stems from the last war
stem (orient) - (verb) cause to point inward - e.g. stem your skis
stem (check) - (verb) stop the flow of a liquid - e.g. staunch the blood flow
stem (remove) - (verb) remove the stem from - e.g. for automatic natural language processing, the words must be stemmed
stem (remove) - (verb) any maneuver made as part of progress toward a goal - e.g. the situation called for strong measures
stem (remove) - (verb) the distance covered by a step - e.g. he stepped off ten paces from the old tree and began to dig
step (locomotion) - (noun) the act of changing location by raising the foot and setting it down - e.g. he walked with unsteady steps
step (support) - (noun) support consisting of a place to rest the foot while ascending or descending a stairway - e.g. he paused on the bottom step
step (support) - (noun) relative position in a graded series - e.g. always a step behind
step (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) a short distance - e.g. it's only a step to the drugstore
step (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) the sound of a step of someone walking - e.g. he heard footsteps on the porch
step (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) a musical interval of two semitones - e.g.
step (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) a mark of a foot or shoe on a surface - e.g. the police made casts of the footprints in the soft earth outside the window
step (block) - (noun) a solid block joined to the beams in which the heel of a ship's mast or capstan is fixed - e.g.
step (block) - (noun) a sequence of foot movements that make up a particular dance - e.g. he taught them the waltz step
step (travel) - (verb) shift or move by taking a step - e.g. step back
step (travel) - (verb) put down or press the foot, place the foot - e.g. For fools rush in where angels fear to tread
step (run) - (verb) cause (a computer) to execute a single command - e.g.
step (run) - (verb) treat badly - e.g. This boss abuses his workers
step (supply) - (verb) furnish with steps - e.g. The architect wants to step the terrace
step (travel) - (verb) move with one's feet in a specific manner - e.g. step lively
step (walk) - (verb) walk a short distance to a specified place or in a specified manner - e.g. step over to the blackboard
step (put) - (verb) place (a ship's mast) in its step - e.g.
step (put) - (verb) measure (distances) by pacing - e.g. step off ten yards
step (move) - (verb) move or proceed as if by steps into a new situation - e.g. She stepped into a life of luxury
step (move) - (verb) agitation resulting from active worry - e.g. don't get in a stew
stew (dish) - (noun) food prepared by stewing especially meat or fish with vegetables - e.g.
stew (dish) - (noun) be in a huff; be silent or sullen - e.g.
stew (resent) - (verb) bear a grudge; harbor ill feelings - e.g.
stew (cook) - (verb) cook slowly and for a long time in liquid - e.g. Stew the vegetables in wine
stick (implement) - (noun) an implement consisting of a length of wood - e.g. he collected dry sticks for a campfire
stick (limb) - (noun) a small thin branch of a tree - e.g.
stick (lever) - (noun) a lever used by a pilot to control the ailerons and elevators of an airplane - e.g.
stick (margarine) - (noun) a rectangular quarter pound block of butter or margarine - e.g.
stick (margarine) - (noun) informal terms for the leg - e.g. fever left him weak on his sticks
stick (sports equipment) - (noun) a long implement (usually made of wood) that is shaped so that hockey or polo players can hit a puck or ball - e.g.
stick (implement) - (noun) a long thin implement resembling a length of wood - e.g. cinnamon sticks
stick (implement) - (noun) marijuana leaves rolled into a cigarette for smoking - e.g.
stick (punishment) - (noun) threat of a penalty - e.g. the policy so far is all stick and no carrot
stick (punishment) - (noun) put, fix, force, or implant - e.g. lodge a bullet in the table
stick (punishment) - (noun) stay put (in a certain place); we are not moving to Cincinnati" - e.g. We are staying in Detroit
stick (punishment) - (noun) stick to firmly - e.g. Will this wallpaper adhere to the wall?
stick (be) - (verb) be or become fixed - e.g. The door sticks--we will have to plane it
stick (persist) - (verb) endure - e.g. The label stuck to her for the rest of her life
stick (persist) - (verb) be a devoted follower or supporter - e.g. The residents of this village adhered to Catholicism
stick (persist) - (verb) be loyal to - e.g. She stood by her husband in times of trouble
stick (decorate) - (verb) cover and decorate with objects that pierce the surface - e.g. stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it
stick (fasten) - (verb) fasten with an adhesive material like glue - e.g. stick the poster onto the wall
stick (fasten) - (verb) fasten with or as with pins or nails - e.g. stick the photo onto the corkboard
stick (fasten) - (verb) fasten into place by fixing an end or point into something - e.g. stick the corner of the sheet under the mattress
stick (pierce) - (verb) pierce with a thrust using a pointed instrument - e.g. he stuck the cloth with the needle
stick (pierce) - (verb) pierce or penetrate or puncture with something pointed - e.g. He stuck the needle into his finger
stick (pierce) - (verb) come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation - e.g. The dress clings to her body
stick (force) - (verb) saddle with something disagreeable or disadvantageous - e.g. They stuck me with the dinner bill
stick (force) - (verb) be a mystery or bewildering to - e.g. This beats me!
stick (force) - (verb) having the sticky properties of an adhesive - e.g.
stiff (man) - (noun) an ordinary man - e.g. a lucky stiff
stiff (man) - (noun) the dead body of a human being - e.g. the cadaver was intended for dissection
still (photograph) - (noun) a static photograph (especially one taken from a movie and used for advertising purposes) - e.g. he wanted some stills for a magazine ad
still (photograph) - (noun) (poetic) tranquil silence - e.g. the still of the night
still (apparatus) - (noun) an apparatus used for the distillation of liquids; consists of a vessel in which a substance is vaporized by heat and a condenser where the vapor is condensed - e.g.
still (apparatus) - (noun) a plant and works where alcoholic drinks are made by distillation - e.g.
still (apparatus) - (noun) make calm or still - e.g. quiet the dragons of worry and fear
still (apparatus) - (noun) cause to be quiet or not talk - e.g. Please silence the children in the church!
still (comfort) - (verb) lessen the intensity of or calm - e.g. The news eased my conscience
still (change) - (verb) make motionless - e.g.
still (change) - (verb) not in physical motion - e.g. the inertia of an object at rest
still (change) - (verb) marked by absence of sound - e.g. a silent house
still (change) - (verb) (of a body of water) free from disturbance by heavy waves - e.g. a ribbon of sand between the angry sea and the placid bay
stitch (sewing) - (noun) a link or loop or knot made by an implement in knitting, crocheting, embroidery, or sewing - e.g.
stitch (pain) - (noun) a sharp spasm of pain in the side resulting from running - e.g.
stitch (pain) - (noun) fasten by sewing; do needlework - e.g.
stocking (hosiery) - (noun) close-fitting hosiery to cover the foot and leg; come in matched pairs (usually used in the plural) - e.g.
stocking (provision) - (noun) the activity of supplying a stock of something - e.g. he supervised the stocking of the stream with trout
stocking (provision) - (noun) have on hand - e.g. Do you carry kerosene heaters?
stocking (provision) - (noun) equip with a stock - e.g. stock a rifle
stocking (provision) - (noun) supply with fish - e.g. stock a lake
stocking (provision) - (noun) supply with livestock - e.g. stock a farm
stocking (provision) - (noun) amass so as to keep for future use or sale or for a particular occasion or use - e.g. let's stock coffee as long as prices are low
stocking (provision) - (noun) provide or furnish with a stock of something - e.g. stock the larder with meat
stocking (provision) - (noun) put forth and grow sprouts or shoots - e.g. the plant sprouted early this year
stomach (internal organ) - (noun) an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal organ of digestion - e.g.
stomach (internal organ) - (noun) the region of the body of a vertebrate between the thorax and the pelvis - e.g.
stomach (inclination) - (noun) an inclination or liking for things involving conflict or difficulty or unpleasantness - e.g. he had no stomach for a fight
stomach (appetite) - (noun) an appetite for food - e.g. exercise gave him a good stomach for dinner
stomach (digest) - (verb) bear to eat - e.g. He cannot stomach raw fish
stomach (digest) - (verb) put up with something or somebody unpleasant - e.g. I cannot bear his constant criticism
stomach (digest) - (verb) a lump or mass of hard consolidated mineral matter - e.g. he threw a rock at me
stone (building material) - (noun) building material consisting of a piece of rock hewn in a definite shape for a special purpose - e.g. he wanted a special stone to mark the site
stone (building material) - (noun) material consisting of the aggregate of minerals like those making up the Earth's crust - e.g. that mountain is solid rock
stone (building material) - (noun) a crystalline rock that can be cut and polished for jewelry - e.g. he had the gem set in a ring for his wife
stone (avoirdupois unit) - (noun) an avoirdupois unit used to measure the weight of a human body; equal to 14 pounds - e.g. a heavy chap who must have weighed more than twenty stone
stone (pericarp) - (noun) the hard inner (usually woody) layer of the pericarp of some fruits (as peaches or plums or cherries or olives) that contains the seed - e.g. you should remove the stones from prunes before cooking
stop (ending) - (noun) the event of something ending - e.g. it came to a stop at the bottom of the hill
stop (act) - (noun) the act of stopping something - e.g. the third baseman made some remarkable stops
stop (stay) - (noun) a brief stay in the course of a journey - e.g. they made a stopover to visit their friends
stop (stay) - (noun) the state of inactivity following an interruption - e.g. the negotiations were in arrest
stop (topographic point) - (noun) a spot where something halts or pauses - e.g. his next stop is Atlanta
stop (obstruent) - (noun) a consonant produced by stopping the flow of air at some point and suddenly releasing it - e.g. his stop consonants are too aspirated
stop (obstruent) - (noun) a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations - e.g. in England they call a period a stop
stop (knob) - (noun) (music) a knob on an organ that is pulled to change the sound quality from the organ pipes - e.g. the organist pulled out all the stops
stop (knob) - (noun) a mechanical device in a camera that controls size of aperture of the lens - e.g. the new cameras adjust the diaphragm automatically
stop (knob) - (noun) a restraint that checks the motion of something - e.g. he used a book as a stop to hold the door open
stop (knob) - (noun) an obstruction in a pipe or tube - e.g. we had to call a plumber to clear out the blockage in the drainpipe
stop (knob) - (noun) a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services - e.g. he bought it at a shop on Cape Cod
store (accumulation) - (noun) a supply of something available for future use - e.g. he brought back a large store of Cuban cigars
store (accumulation) - (noun) an electronic memory device - e.g. a memory and the CPU form the central part of a computer to which peripherals are attached
store (depository) - (noun) a depository for goods - e.g. storehouses were built close to the docks
store (keep) - (verb) keep or lay aside for future use - e.g. store grain for the winter
store (keep) - (verb) find a place for and put away for storage - e.g. where should we stow the vegetables?
stork (wading bird) - (noun) large mostly Old World wading birds typically having white-and-black plumage - e.g.
stork (wading bird) - (noun) a message that tells the particulars of an act or occurrence or course of events; presented in writing or drama or cinema or as a radio or television program - e.g. his narrative was interesting
story (fiction) - (noun) a piece of fiction that narrates a chain of related events - e.g. he writes stories for the magazines
story (fiction) - (noun) a structure consisting of a room or set of rooms at a single position along a vertical scale - e.g. what level is the office on?
story (fiction) - (noun) a record or narrative description of past events - e.g. a history of France
story (fiction) - (noun) a short account of the news - e.g. the report of his speech
story (fiction) - (noun) a trivial lie - e.g. he told a fib about eating his spinach
story (fiction) - (noun) a heterosexual person; someone having a sexual orientation to persons of the opposite sex - e.g.
straight (poker hand) - (noun) a poker hand with 5 consecutive cards (regardless of suit) - e.g.
straight (section) - (noun) a straight segment of a roadway or racecourse - e.g.
street (thoroughfare) - (noun) a thoroughfare (usually including sidewalks) that is lined with buildings - e.g. they walked the streets of the small town
street (thoroughfare) - (noun) the part of a thoroughfare between the sidewalks; the part of the thoroughfare on which vehicles travel - e.g. be careful crossing the street
street (environment) - (noun) the streets of a city viewed as a depressed environment in which there is poverty and crime and prostitution and dereliction - e.g. she tried to keep her children off the street
street (opportunity) - (noun) a situation offering opportunities - e.g. he worked both sides of the street
street (neighborhood) - (noun) people living or working on the same street - e.g. the whole street protested the absence of street lights
stretch (expanse) - (noun) a large and unbroken expanse or distance - e.g. a stretch of highway
stretch (expanse) - (noun) the act of physically reaching or thrusting out - e.g.
stretch (straightaway) - (noun) a straightaway section of a racetrack - e.g.
stretch (exercise) - (noun) exercise designed to extend the limbs and muscles to their full extent - e.g.
stretch (extension) - (noun) extension to or beyond the ordinary limit - e.g. running at full stretch
stretch (duration) - (noun) an unbroken period of time during which you do something - e.g. there were stretches of boredom
stretch (elasticity) - (noun) the capacity for being stretched - e.g.
stretch (be) - (verb) occupy a large, elongated area - e.g. The park stretched beneath the train line
stretch (tense) - (verb) extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body - e.g. Stretch your legs!
stretch (tense) - (verb) extend or stretch out to a greater or the full length - e.g. Unfold the newspaper
stretch (grow) - (verb) become longer by being stretched and pulled - e.g. The fabric stretches
stretch (grow) - (verb) make long or longer by pulling and stretching - e.g. stretch the fabric
stretch (lie down) - (verb) lie down comfortably - e.g. To enjoy the picnic, we stretched out on the grass
stretch (pull) - (verb) pull in opposite directions - e.g. During the Inquisition, the torturers would stretch their victims on a rack
stretch (widen) - (verb) extend the scope or meaning of; often unduly - e.g. Stretch the limits
stretch (widen) - (verb) corrupt, debase, or make impure by adding a foreign or inferior substance; often by replacing valuable ingredients with inferior ones - e.g. adulterate liquor
stretch (widen) - (verb) increase in quantity or bulk by adding a cheaper substance - e.g. stretch the soup by adding some more cream
stretch (move) - (verb) extend one's body or limbs - e.g. Let's stretch for a minute--we've been sitting here for over 3 hours
structure (artifact) - (noun) a thing constructed; a complex entity constructed of many parts - e.g. the structure consisted of a series of arches
structure (constitution) - (noun) the manner of construction of something and the arrangement of its parts - e.g. artists must study the structure of the human body
structure (cognition) - (noun) the complex composition of knowledge as elements and their combinations - e.g. his lectures have no structure
structure (body part) - (noun) a particular complex anatomical part of a living thing - e.g. he has good bone structure
structure (body part) - (noun) the people in a society considered as a system organized by a characteristic pattern of relationships - e.g. the social organization of England and America is very different
structure (organize) - (verb) give a structure to - e.g. I need to structure my days
substance (matter) - (noun) the real physical matter of which a person or thing consists - e.g. DNA is the substance of our genes
substance (matter) - (noun) the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience - e.g. the gist of the prosecutor's argument
substance (matter) - (noun) the idea that is intended - e.g. What is the meaning of this proverb?
substance (physical entity) - (noun) material of a particular kind or constitution - e.g. the immune response recognizes invading substances
substance (physical entity) - (noun) considerable capital (wealth or income) - e.g. he is a man of means
substance (physical entity) - (noun) what a communication that is about something is about - e.g.
substance (matter) - (noun) a particular kind or species of matter with uniform properties - e.g. shigella is one of the most toxic substances known to man
sugar (sweetening) - (noun) a white crystalline carbohydrate used as a sweetener and preservative - e.g.
sugar (sweetening) - (noun) an essential structural component of living cells and source of energy for animals; includes simple sugars with small molecules as well as macromolecular substances; are classified accordin... - e.g.
sugar (sweetening) - (noun) informal terms for money - e.g.
sugar (sweeten) - (verb) sweeten with sugar - e.g. sugar your tea
suggestion (idea) - (noun) an idea that is suggested - e.g. the picnic was her suggestion
suggestion (proposal) - (noun) a proposal offered for acceptance or rejection - e.g. it was a suggestion we couldn't refuse
suggestion (proposal) - (noun) a just detectable amount - e.g. he speaks French with a trace of an accent
suggestion (persuasion) - (noun) persuasion formulated as a suggestion - e.g.
suggestion (higher cognitive process) - (noun) the sequential mental process in which one thought leads to another by association - e.g.
suggestion (higher cognitive process) - (noun) the act of inducing hypnosis - e.g.
summer (season) - (noun) the warmest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the summer solstice to the autumnal equinox - e.g. they spent a lazy summer at the shore
summer (time of life) - (noun) the period of finest development, happiness, or beauty - e.g. the golden summer of his life
summer (spend) - (verb) spend the summer - e.g. We summered in Kashmir
support (activity) - (noun) the activity of providing for or maintaining by supplying with money or necessities - e.g. his support kept the family together
support (aid) - (noun) aiding the cause or policy or interests of - e.g. the president no longer has the support of his own party
support (influence) - (noun) something providing immaterial assistance to a person or cause or interest - e.g. the policy found little public support
support (operation) - (noun) a military operation (often involving new supplies of men and materiel) to strengthen a military force or aid in the performance of its mission - e.g. they called for artillery support
support (operation) - (noun) documentary validation - e.g. his documentation of the results was excellent
support (resource) - (noun) the financial means whereby one lives - e.g. each child was expected to pay for their keep
support (supporting structure) - (noun) supporting structure that holds up or provides a foundation - e.g. the statue stood on a marble support
support (activity) - (noun) the act of bearing the weight of or strengthening - e.g. he leaned against the wall for support
support (activity) - (noun) a musical part (vocal or instrumental) that supports or provides background for other musical parts - e.g.
support (device) - (noun) any device that bears the weight of another thing - e.g. there was no place to attach supports for a shelf
support (resource) - (noun) financial resources provided to make some project possible - e.g. the foundation provided support for the experiment
surprise (astonishment) - (noun) the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you - e.g.
surprise (change) - (noun) a sudden unexpected event - e.g.
surprise (disruption) - (noun) the act of surprising someone - e.g.
surprise (affect) - (verb) cause to be surprised - e.g. The news really surprised me
surprise (act) - (verb) come upon or take unawares - e.g. She surprised the couple
surprise (act) - (verb) attack by storm; attack suddenly - e.g.
swim (water sport) - (noun) the act of swimming - e.g. it was the swimming they enjoyed most": "they took a short swim in the pool
swim (travel) - (verb) travel through water - e.g. We had to swim for 20 minutes to reach the shore
swim (travel) - (verb) be afloat either on or below a liquid surface and not sink to the bottom - e.g.
swim (be) - (verb) be dizzy or giddy - e.g. my brain is swimming after the bottle of champagne
swim (be) - (verb) be covered with or submerged in a liquid - e.g. the meat was swimming in a fatty gravy
swim (travel) - (verb) move as if gliding through water - e.g. this snake swims through the soil where it lives
system (instrumentality) - (noun) instrumentality that combines interrelated interacting artifacts designed to work as a coherent entity - e.g. he bought a new stereo system
system (group) - (noun) a group of independent but interrelated elements comprising a unified whole - e.g. a vast system of production and distribution and consumption keep the country going
system (matter) - (noun) (physical chemistry) a sample of matter in which substances in different phases are in equilibrium - e.g. in a static system oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface
system (method) - (noun) a complex of methods or rules governing behavior - e.g. they have to operate under a system they oppose
system (method) - (noun) an organized structure for arranging or classifying - e.g. he changed the arrangement of the topics
system (body part) - (noun) a group of physiologically or anatomically related organs or parts - e.g. the body has a system of organs for digestion
system (plan of action) - (noun) a procedure or process for obtaining an objective - e.g. they had to devise a system that did not depend on cooperation
system (live body) - (noun) the living body considered as made up of interdependent components forming a unified whole - e.g. exercise helped him get the alcohol out of his system
system (live body) - (noun) an ordered manner; orderliness by virtue of being methodical and well organized - e.g. his compulsive organization was not an endearing quality
table (array) - (noun) a set of data arranged in rows and columns - e.g. see table 1
table (furniture) - (noun) a piece of furniture having a smooth flat top that is usually supported by one or more vertical legs - e.g. it was a sturdy table
table (furniture) - (noun) a piece of furniture with tableware for a meal laid out on it - e.g. I reserved a table at my favorite restaurant
table (furniture) - (noun) flat tableland with steep edges - e.g. the tribe was relatively safe on the mesa but they had to descend into the valley for water
table (gathering) - (noun) a company of people assembled at a table for a meal or game - e.g. he entertained the whole table with his witty remarks
table (gathering) - (noun) food or meals in general - e.g. she sets a fine table
table (gathering) - (noun) hold back to a later time - e.g. let's postpone the exam
table (arrange) - (verb) arrange or enter in tabular form - e.g.
tail (process) - (noun) the posterior part of the body of a vertebrate especially when elongated and extending beyond the trunk or main part of the body - e.g.
tail (process) - (noun) the time of the last part of something - e.g. the fag end of this crisis-ridden century
tail (projection) - (noun) any projection that resembles the tail of an animal - e.g.
tail (projection) - (noun) the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on - e.g. he deserves a good kick in the butt
tail (follower) - (noun) a spy employed to follow someone and report their movements - e.g.
tail (reverse) - (noun) (usually plural) the reverse side of a coin that does not bear the representation of a person's head - e.g.
tail (rear) - (noun) the rear part of an aircraft - e.g.
tail (rear) - (noun) the rear part of a ship - e.g.
tail (rear) - (noun) go after with the intent to catch - e.g. The policeman chased the mugger down the alley
tail (rear) - (noun) remove or shorten the tail of an animal - e.g.
tail (top) - (verb) remove the stalk of fruits or berries - e.g.
tail (top) - (verb) the income or profit arising from such transactions as the sale of land or other property - e.g. the average return was about 5%
take (filming) - (noun) the act of photographing a scene or part of a scene without interruption - e.g.
take (act) - (verb) carry out - e.g. take action
take (use) - (verb) require (time or space) - e.g. It took three hours to get to work this morning
take (use) - (verb) take somebody somewhere - e.g. We lead him to our chief
talk (conversation) - (noun) an exchange of ideas via conversation - e.g. let's have more work and less talk around here
talk (discussion) - (noun) discussion; (`talk about' is a less formal alternative for `discussion of') - e.g. his poetry contains much talk about love and anger
talk (lecture) - (noun) the act of giving a talk to an audience - e.g. I attended an interesting talk on local history
talk (lecture) - (noun) a speech that is open to the public - e.g. he attended a lecture on telecommunications
talk (gossip) - (noun) idle gossip or rumor - e.g. there has been talk about you lately
talk (communicate) - (verb) exchange thoughts; talk with - e.g. We often talk business
talk (communicate) - (verb) express in speech - e.g. She talks a lot of nonsense
talk (communicate) - (verb) use language - e.g. the baby talks already
talk (communicate) - (verb) reveal information - e.g. If you don't oblige me, I'll talk!
talk (communicate) - (verb) divulge confidential information or secrets - e.g. Be careful--his secretary talks
talk (communicate) - (verb) deliver a lecture or talk - e.g. She will talk at Rutgers next week
tall (size) - (noun) a garment size for a tall person - e.g.
taste (sensation) - (noun) the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey information about the chemical composition of a soluble stimulus - e.g. the candy left him with a bad taste
taste (sensation) - (noun) a strong liking - e.g. my own preference is for good literature
taste (discrimination) - (noun) delicate discrimination (especially of aesthetic values) - e.g. arrogance and lack of taste contributed to his rapid success
taste (experience) - (noun) a brief experience of something - e.g. he got a taste of life on the wild side
taste (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) a small amount eaten or drunk - e.g. take a taste--you'll like it
taste (modality) - (noun) the faculty of distinguishing sweet, sour, bitter, and salty properties in the mouth - e.g. his cold deprived him of his sense of taste
taste (sensing) - (noun) a kind of sensing; distinguishing substances by means of the taste buds - e.g. a wine tasting
tax (levy) - (noun) charge against a citizen's person or property or activity for the support of government - e.g.
tax (levy) - (verb) levy a tax on - e.g. The State taxes alcohol heavily
tax (determine) - (verb) set or determine the amount of (a payment such as a fine) - e.g.
tax (strain) - (verb) use to the limit - e.g. you are taxing my patience
tax (charge) - (verb) make a charge against or accuse - e.g. They taxed him failure to appear in court
teaching (education) - (noun) the profession of a teacher - e.g. he prepared for teaching while still in college
teaching (doctrine) - (noun) a doctrine that is taught - e.g. the teachings of religion
teaching (doctrine) - (noun) the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart knowledge or skill - e.g. he received no formal education
teaching (doctrine) - (noun) impart skills or knowledge to - e.g. I taught them French
teaching (doctrine) - (noun) accustom gradually to some action or attitude - e.g. The child is taught to obey her parents
teaching (doctrine) - (noun) an attitude of mind especially one that favors one alternative over others - e.g. he had an inclination to give up too easily
teaching (doctrine) - (noun) an inclination to do something - e.g. he felt leanings toward frivolity
tendency (disposition) - (noun) a characteristic likelihood of or natural disposition toward a certain condition or character or effect - e.g. the alkaline inclination of the local waters
tendency (direction) - (noun) a general direction in which something tends to move - e.g. the shoreward tendency of the current
tendency (direction) - (noun) trying something to find out about it - e.g. a sample for ten days free trial
test (mental measurement) - (noun) any standardized procedure for measuring sensitivity or memory or intelligence or aptitude or personality etc - e.g. the test was standardized on a large sample of students
test (mental measurement) - (noun) a set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge - e.g. when the test was stolen the professor had to make a new set of questions
test (attempt) - (noun) the act of undergoing testing - e.g. he survived the great test of battle
test (attempt) - (noun) the act of testing something - e.g. in the experimental trials the amount of carbon was measured separately
test (covering) - (noun) a hard outer covering as of some amoebas and sea urchins - e.g.
test (evaluate) - (verb) put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to - e.g. This approach has been tried with good results
test (evaluate) - (verb) test or examine for the presence of disease or infection - e.g. screen the blood for the HIV virus
test (evaluate) - (verb) examine someone's knowledge of something - e.g. The teacher tests us every week
test (be) - (verb) show a certain characteristic when tested - e.g. He tested positive for HIV
test (score) - (verb) achieve a certain score or rating on a test - e.g. She tested high on the LSAT and was admitted to all the good law schools
test (determine) - (verb) determine the presence or properties of (a substance) - e.g.
test (take) - (verb) undergo a test - e.g. She doesn't test well
then (point) - (noun) that time; that moment - e.g. we will arrive before then
theory (explanation) - (noun) a well-substantiated explanation of some aspect of the natural world; an organized system of accepted knowledge that applies in a variety of circumstances to explain a specific set of phenomena - e.g. theories can incorporate facts and laws and tested hypotheses
theory (explanation) - (noun) a tentative insight into the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena - e.g. a scientific hypothesis that survives experimental testing becomes a scientific theory
theory (belief) - (noun) a belief that can guide behavior - e.g. the architect has a theory that more is less
there (location) - (noun) a location other than here; that place - e.g. you can take it from there
there (location) - (noun) the location of something surrounded by other things - e.g. in the midst of the crowd
thin (change state) - (verb) lose thickness; become thin or thinner - e.g.
thin (reduce) - (verb) make thin or thinner - e.g. Thin the solution
thin (reduce) - (verb) lessen the strength or flavor of a solution or mixture - e.g. cut bourbon
thin (reduce) - (verb) take off weight - e.g.
thing (situation) - (noun) a special situation - e.g. this thing has got to end
thing (action) - (noun) an action - e.g. how could you do such a thing?
thing (abstraction) - (noun) a special abstraction - e.g. a thing of the spirit
thing (artifact) - (noun) an artifact - e.g. how does this thing work?
thing (happening) - (noun) an event - e.g. a funny thing happened on the way to the...
thing (happening) - (noun) a vaguely specified concern - e.g. several matters to attend to
thing (statement) - (noun) a statement regarded as an object - e.g. to say the same thing in other terms
thing (entity) - (noun) an entity that is not named specifically - e.g. I couldn't tell what the thing was
thing (attribute) - (noun) any attribute or quality considered as having its own existence - e.g. the thing I like about her is ...
thing (aim) - (noun) a special objective - e.g. the thing is to stay in bounds
thing (feeling) - (noun) a persistent illogical feeling of desire or aversion - e.g. he has a thing about seafood
thing (physical entity) - (noun) a separate and self-contained entity - e.g.
though (physical entity) - (noun) the content of cognition; the main thing you are thinking about - e.g. it was not a good idea
though (physical entity) - (noun) the process of using your mind to consider something carefully - e.g. thinking always made him frown
thought (belief) - (noun) the organized beliefs of a period or group or individual - e.g. 19th century thought
thought (belief) - (noun) a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty - e.g. my opinion differs from yours
thought (belief) - (noun) judge or regard; look upon; judge - e.g. I think he is very smart
thought (belief) - (noun) expect, believe, or suppose - e.g. I imagine she earned a lot of money with her new novel
thought (belief) - (noun) use or exercise the mind or one's power of reason in order to make inferences, decisions, or arrive at a solution or judgments - e.g. I've been thinking all day and getting nowhere
thought (belief) - (noun) recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection - e.g. I can't remember saying any such thing
thought (belief) - (noun) imagine or visualize - e.g. Just think--you could be rich one day!
thought (belief) - (noun) focus one's attention on a certain state - e.g. Think big
thought (belief) - (noun) have in mind as a purpose - e.g. I mean no harm
thought (belief) - (noun) decide by pondering, reasoning, or reflecting - e.g. Can you think what to do next?
thought (belief) - (noun) ponder; reflect on, or reason about - e.g. Think the matter through
thought (belief) - (noun) dispose the mind in a certain way - e.g. Do you really think so?
thought (belief) - (noun) have or formulate in the mind - e.g. think good thoughts
thought (belief) - (noun) be capable of conscious thought - e.g. Man is the only creature that thinks
thought (belief) - (noun) bring into a given condition by mental preoccupation - e.g. She thought herself into a state of panic over the final exam
thread (cord) - (noun) a fine cord of twisted fibers (of cotton or silk or wool or nylon etc.) used in sewing and weaving - e.g.
thread (cord) - (noun) any long object resembling a thin line - e.g. a mere ribbon of land
thread (cord) - (noun) the connections that link the various parts of an event or argument together - e.g. I couldn't follow his train of thought
thread (cord) - (noun) the raised helical rib going around a screw - e.g.
thread (cord) - (noun) to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course - e.g. the river winds through the hills
thread (guide) - (verb) pass a thread through - e.g. thread a needle
thread (extract) - (verb) remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string - e.g. She had her eyebrows threaded
thread (guide) - (verb) pass through or into - e.g. thread tape
thread (guide) - (verb) thread on or as if on a string - e.g. string pearls on a string
throat (tubular cavity) - (noun) the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the chin and above the collarbone - e.g.
throat (opening) - (noun) an opening in the vamp of a shoe at the instep - e.g.
throat (passage) - (noun) a passage resembling a throat in shape or function;  - e.g. the throat of the vase
throat (external body part) - (noun) the part of an animal's body that corresponds to a person's throat - e.g.
throat (external body part) - (noun) having finished or arrived at completion - e.g. certain to make history before he's done
thumb (finger) - (noun) the thick short innermost digit of the forelimb - e.g.
thumb (covering) - (noun) the part of a glove that provides a covering for the thumb - e.g.
thumb (covering) - (noun) a convex molding having a cross section in the form of a quarter of a circle or of an ellipse - e.g.
thumb (covering) - (noun) travel by getting free rides from motorists - e.g.
thumb (covering) - (noun) look through a book or other written material - e.g. He thumbed through the report
thumb (covering) - (noun) feel or handle with the fingers - e.g. finger the binding of the book
thumb (covering) - (noun) a deep prolonged loud noise - e.g.
thunder (noise) - (noun) a booming or crashing noise caused by air expanding along the path of a bolt of lightning - e.g.
thunder (noise) - (noun) street names for heroin - e.g.
thunder (move) - (verb) move fast, noisily, and heavily - e.g. The bus thundered down the road
thunder (shout) - (verb) utter words loudly and forcefully - e.g. `Get out of here,' he roared
ticket (commercial document) - (noun) a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to ride on public transportation or to enter a public entertainment) - e.g.
ticket (commercial document) - (noun) a label written or printed on paper, cardboard, or plastic that is attached to something to indicate its owner, nature, price, etc. - e.g.
ticket (summons) - (noun) a summons issued to an offender (especially to someone who violates a traffic regulation) - e.g.
ticket (summons) - (noun) a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices - e.g.
ticket (appropriateness) - (noun) the appropriate or desirable thing - e.g. this car could be just the ticket for a small family
ticket (book) - (verb) issue a ticket or a fine to as a penalty - e.g. I was fined for parking on the wrong side of the street
ticket (supply) - (verb) provide with a ticket for passage or admission - e.g. Ticketed passengers can board now
tiger (person) - (noun) a fierce or audacious person - e.g. he's a tiger on the tennis court
tiger (big cat) - (noun) large feline of forests in most of Asia having a tawny coat with black stripes; endangered - e.g.
till (soil) - (noun) unstratified soil deposited by a glacier; consists of sand and clay and gravel and boulders mixed together - e.g.
till (soil) - (noun) a treasury for government funds - e.g.
till (soil) - (noun) a strongbox for holding cash - e.g.
till (work) - (verb) work land as by ploughing, harrowing, and manuring, in order to make it ready for cultivation - e.g. till the soil
time (case) - (noun) an instance or single occasion for some event - e.g. this time he succeeded
time (time period) - (noun) a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something - e.g. take time to smell the roses
time (time period) - (noun) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities) - e.g. he waited a long time
time (moment) - (noun) a suitable moment - e.g. it is time to go
time (attribute) - (noun) the continuum of experience in which events pass from the future through the present to the past - e.g.
time (experience) - (noun) a person's experience on a particular occasion - e.g. he had a time holding back the tears
time (experience) - (noun) a reading of a point in time as given by a clock - e.g. do you know what time it is?
time (experience) - (noun) the fourth coordinate that is required (along with three spatial dimensions) to specify a physical event - e.g.
time (experience) - (noun) rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration - e.g.
time (experience) - (noun) the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned - e.g. he served a prison term of 15 months
time (experience) - (noun) measure the time or duration of an event or action or the person who performs an action in a certain period of time - e.g. he clocked the runners
time (schedule) - (verb) assign a time for an activity or event - e.g. The candidate carefully timed his appearance at the disaster scene
time (determine) - (verb) set the speed, duration, or execution of - e.g. we time the process to manufacture our cars very precisely
time (adjust) - (verb) regulate or set the time of - e.g. time the clock
time (adjust) - (verb) adjust so that a force is applied and an action occurs at the desired time - e.g. The good player times his swing so as to hit the ball squarely
tin (metallic element) - (noun) a silvery malleable metallic element that resists corrosion; used in many alloys and to coat other metals to prevent corrosion; obtained chiefly from cassiterite where it occurs as tin oxide - e.g.
tin (vessel) - (noun) a vessel (box, can, pan, etc.) made of tinplate and used mainly in baking - e.g.
tin (vessel) - (noun) metal container for storing dry foods such as tea or flour - e.g.
tin (vessel) - (noun) airtight sealed metal container for food or drink or paint etc. - e.g.
tin (plate) - (verb) plate with tin - e.g.
tin (plate) - (verb) preserve in a can or tin - e.g. tinned foods are not very tasty
tin (plate) - (verb) prepare (a metal) for soldering or brazing by applying a thin layer of solder to the surface - e.g.
tin (plate) - (verb) lose interest or become bored with something or somebody - e.g. I'm so tired of your mother and her complaints about my food
tin (plate) - (verb) exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress - e.g. We wore ourselves out on this hike
tin (plate) - (verb) deplete - e.g. exhaust one's savings
tin (plate) - (verb) cause to be bored - e.g.
toe (extremity) - (noun) one of the digits of the foot - e.g.
toe (covering) - (noun) the part of footwear that provides a covering for the toes - e.g.
toe (body part) - (noun) forepart of a hoof - e.g.
toe (part) - (noun) (golf) the part of a clubhead farthest from the shaft - e.g.
toe (walk) - (verb) walk so that the toes assume an indicated position or direction - e.g. She toes inwards
toe (force) - (verb) drive obliquely - e.g. toe a nail
toe (hit) - (verb) hit (a golf ball) with the toe of the club - e.g.
toe (hit) - (verb) drive (a golf ball) with the toe of the club - e.g.
toe (touch) - (verb) touch with the toe - e.g.
toe (touch) - (verb) cheeselike food made of curdled soybean milk - e.g.
tomato (solanaceous vegetable) - (noun) mildly acid red or yellow pulpy fruit eaten as a vegetable - e.g.
tomato (herb) - (noun) native to South America; widely cultivated in many varieties - e.g.
tomorrow (day) - (noun) the day after today - e.g. what are our tasks for tomorrow?
tomorrow (future) - (noun) the near future - e.g. tomorrow's world
tongue (organ) - (noun) a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in the oral cavity - e.g.
tongue (organ) - (noun) a human written or spoken language used by a community; opposed to e.g. a computer language - e.g.
tongue (projection) - (noun) any long thin projection that is transient - e.g. tongues of flame licked at the walls
tongue (manner of speaking) - (noun) a manner of speaking - e.g. he spoke with a thick tongue
tongue (manner of speaking) - (noun) a narrow strip of land that juts out into the sea - e.g.
tongue (variety meat) - (noun) the tongue of certain animals used as meat - e.g.
tongue (flap) - (noun) the flap of material under the laces of a shoe or boot - e.g.
tongue (flap) - (noun) metal striker that hangs inside a bell and makes a sound by hitting the side - e.g.
tongue (play) - (verb) articulate by tonguing, as when playing wind instruments - e.g.
tongue (lick) - (verb) lick or explore with the tongue - e.g.
tooth (bone) - (noun) hard bonelike structures in the jaws of vertebrates; used for biting and chewing or for attack and defense - e.g.
tooth (projection) - (noun) something resembling the tooth of an animal - e.g.
tooth (structure) - (noun) toothlike structure in invertebrates found in the mouth or alimentary canal or on a shell - e.g.
tooth (means) - (noun) a means of enforcement - e.g. the treaty had no teeth in it
tooth (projection) - (noun) one of a number of uniform projections on a gear - e.g.
top (region) - (noun) the upper part of anything - e.g. the mower cuts off the tops of the grass
top (side) - (noun) the highest or uppermost side of anything - e.g. put your books on top of the desk
top (side) - (noun) the top or extreme point of something (usually a mountain or hill) - e.g. the view from the peak was magnificent
top (turn) - (noun) the first half of an inning; while the visiting team is at bat - e.g. a relief pitcher took over in the top of the fifth
top (turn) - (noun) the highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development - e.g. his landscapes were deemed the acme of beauty
top (intensity) - (noun) the greatest possible intensity - e.g. he screamed at the top of his lungs
top (platform) - (noun) platform surrounding the head of a lower mast - e.g.
top (plaything) - (noun) a conical child's plaything tapering to a steel point on which it can be made to spin - e.g. he got a bright red top and string for his birthday
top (covering) - (noun) covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container) - e.g. he removed the top of the carton
top (woman's clothing) - (noun) a garment (especially for women) that extends from the shoulders to the waist or hips - e.g. he stared as she buttoned her top
top (woman's clothing) - (noun) a canvas tent to house the audience at a circus performance - e.g. he was afraid of a fire in the circus tent
top (woman's clothing) - (noun) be superior or better than some standard - e.g. She exceeded our expectations
top (woman's clothing) - (noun) pass by, over, or under without making contact - e.g. the balloon cleared the tree tops
top (lie) - (verb) be at the top of or constitute the top or highest point - e.g. A star tops the Christmas Tree
top (lie) - (verb) be ahead of others; be the first - e.g. she topped her class every year
top (supply) - (verb) provide with a top or finish the top (of a structure) - e.g. the towers were topped with conical roofs
top (reach) - (verb) reach or ascend the top of - e.g. The hikers topped the mountain just before noon
top (hit) - (verb) strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin - e.g.
top (snip) - (verb) cut the top off - e.g. top trees and bushes
top (snip) - (verb) be the culminating event - e.g. The speech crowned the meeting
top (complete) - (verb) finish up or conclude - e.g. They topped off their dinner with a cognac
touch (contact) - (noun) the event of something coming in contact with the body - e.g. he longed for the touch of her hand
touch (exteroception) - (noun) the faculty by which external objects or forces are perceived through contact with the body (especially the hands) - e.g. only sight and touch enable us to locate objects in the space around us
touch (suggestion) - (noun) a suggestion of some quality - e.g. there was a touch of sarcasm in his tone
touch (manner) - (noun) a distinguishing style - e.g. this room needs a woman's touch
touch (act) - (noun) the act of putting two things together with no space between them - e.g. at his touch the room filled with lights
touch (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) a slight but appreciable amount - e.g. this dish could use a touch of garlic
touch (small indefinite quantity) - (noun) a communicative interaction - e.g. the pilot made contact with the base
touch (attack) - (noun) a slight attack of illness - e.g. he has a touch of rheumatism
touch (solicitation) - (noun) the act of soliciting money (as a gift or loan) - e.g. he watched the beggar trying to make a touch
touch (perception) - (noun) the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin - e.g. she likes the touch of silk on her skin
touch (adeptness) - (noun) deftness in handling matters - e.g. he has a master's touch
touch (tactile property) - (noun) the feel of mechanical action - e.g. this piano has a wonderful touch
town (municipality) - (noun) an urban area with a fixed boundary that is smaller than a city - e.g. they drive through town on their way to work
town (municipality) - (noun) the people living in a municipality smaller than a city - e.g. the whole town cheered the team
town (administrative district) - (noun) an administrative division of a county - e.g. the town is responsible for snow removal
town (architect) - (noun) United States architect who was noted for his design and construction of truss bridges (1784-1844) - e.g.
trade (commerce) - (noun) the commercial exchange (buying and selling on domestic or international markets) of goods and services - e.g. Venice was an important center of trade with the East
trade (occupation) - (noun) the skilled practice of a practical occupation - e.g. he learned his trade as an apprentice
trade (business) - (noun) the business given to a commercial establishment by its customers - e.g. even before noon there was a considerable patronage
trade (business) - (noun) a particular instance of buying or selling - e.g. it was a package deal
trade (business) - (noun) people who perform a particular kind of skilled work - e.g. he represented the craft of brewers
trade (prevailing wind) - (noun) steady winds blowing from east to west above and below the equator - e.g. they rode the trade winds going west
trade (prevailing wind) - (noun) an equal exchange - e.g. we had no money so we had to live by barter
train (public transport) - (noun) public transport provided by a line of railway cars coupled together and drawn by a locomotive - e.g. express trains don't stop at Princeton Junction
train (public transport) - (noun) a sequentially ordered set of things or events or ideas in which each successive member is related to the preceding - e.g. a string of islands
train (public transport) - (noun) a procession (of wagons or mules or camels) traveling together in single file - e.g. we were part of a caravan of almost a thousand camels
train (consequence) - (noun) a series of consequences wrought by an event - e.g. it led to a train of disasters
train (piece of cloth) - (noun) piece of cloth forming the long back section of a gown that is drawn along the floor - e.g. the bride's train was carried by her two young nephews
train (piece of cloth) - (noun) wheelwork consisting of a connected set of rotating gears by which force is transmitted or motion or torque is changed - e.g. the fool got his tie caught in the geartrain
train (teach) - (verb) create by training and teaching - e.g. The old master is training world-class violinists
train (learn) - (verb) undergo training or instruction in preparation for a particular role, function, or profession - e.g. She is training to be a teacher
train (learn) - (verb) develop (children's) behavior by instruction and practice; especially to teach self-control - e.g. Parents must discipline their children
train (learn) - (verb) educate for a future role or function - e.g. He is grooming his son to become his successor
train (learn) - (verb) teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment - e.g. Cultivate your musical taste
train (learn) - (verb) point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards - e.g. Please don't aim at your little brother!
train (learn) - (verb) teach and supervise (someone); act as a trainer or coach (to), as in sports - e.g. He is training our Olympic team
train (exercise) - (verb) exercise in order to prepare for an event or competition - e.g. She is training for the Olympics
train (control) - (verb) cause to grow in a certain way by tying and pruning it - e.g. train the vine
train (ride) - (verb) travel by rail or train - e.g. They railed from Rome to Venice
train (ride) - (verb) drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground - e.g. The toddler was trailing his pants
train (ride) - (verb) something that serves as a means of transportation - e.g.
transport (diffusion) - (noun) an exchange of molecules (and their kinetic energy and momentum) across the boundary between adjacent layers of a fluid or across cell membranes - e.g.
transport (commercial enterprise) - (noun) the commercial enterprise of moving goods and materials - e.g.
transport (commercial enterprise) - (noun) a state of being carried away by overwhelming emotion - e.g. listening to sweet music in a perfect rapture"- Charles Dickens
transport (commercial enterprise) - (noun) a mechanism that transports magnetic tape across the read/write heads of a tape playback/recorder - e.g.
transport (movement) - (noun) the act of moving something from one location to another - e.g.
transport (move) - (verb) move something or somebody around; usually over long distances - e.g.
transport (move) - (verb) move while supporting, either in a vehicle or in one's hands or on one's body - e.g. You must carry your camping gear
transport (move) - (verb) hold spellbound - e.g.
transport (move) - (verb) transport commercially - e.g.
transport (move) - (verb) send from one person or place to another - e.g. transmit a message
tray (receptacle) - (noun) an open receptacle for holding or displaying or serving articles or food - e.g.
tree (woody plant) - (noun) a tall perennial woody plant having a main trunk and branches forming a distinct elevated crown; includes both gymnosperms and angiosperms - e.g.
tree (plane figure) - (noun) a figure that branches from a single root - e.g. genealogical tree
trick (device) - (noun) a cunning or deceitful action or device - e.g. he played a trick on me
trick (shift) - (noun) a period of work or duty - e.g.
trick (dishonesty) - (noun) an attempt to get you to do something foolish or imprudent - e.g. that offer was a dirty trick
trick (dishonesty) - (noun) a ludicrous or grotesque act done for fun and amusement - e.g.
trick (dishonesty) - (noun) an illusory feat; considered magical by naive observers - e.g.
trick (dishonesty) - (noun) a prostitute's customer - e.g.
trick (turn) - (noun) (card games) in a single round, the sequence of cards played by all the players; the high card is the winner - e.g.
trick (turn) - (noun) deceive somebody - e.g. We tricked the teacher into thinking that class would be cancelled next week
trouble (difficulty) - (noun) a source of difficulty - e.g. one trouble after another delayed the job
trouble (difficulty) - (noun) an angry disturbance - e.g. he didn't want to make a fuss
trouble (happening) - (noun) an event causing distress or pain - e.g. what is the trouble?
trouble (effort) - (noun) an effort that is inconvenient - e.g. I went to a lot of trouble
trouble (effort) - (noun) a strong feeling of anxiety - e.g. his worry over the prospect of being fired
trouble (pregnancy) - (noun) an unwanted pregnancy - e.g. he got several girls in trouble
trouble (pregnancy) - (noun) move deeply - e.g. This book upset me
trouble (affect) - (verb) to cause inconvenience or discomfort to - e.g. Sorry to trouble you, but...
trouble (affect) - (verb) disturb in mind or make uneasy or cause to be worried or alarmed - e.g. She was rather perturbed by the news that her father was seriously ill
trouble (strive) - (verb) take the trouble to do something; concern oneself - e.g. He did not trouble to call his mother on her birthday
trouble (hurt) - (verb) cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed - e.g.
trouble (hurt) - (verb) (usually in the plural) a garment extending from the waist to the knee or ankle, covering each leg separately - e.g. he had a sharp crease in his trousers
trouble (hurt) - (verb) a garment (or part of a garment) designed for or relating to trousers - e.g. in his trouser's pocket
true (alignment) - (noun) proper alignment; the property possessed by something that is in correct or proper alignment - e.g. out of true
true (align) - (verb) make level, square, balanced, or concentric - e.g. true up the cylinder of an engine
tulip (liliaceous plant) - (noun) any of numerous perennial bulbous herbs having linear or broadly lanceolate leaves and usually a single showy flower - e.g.
tuna (prickly pear) - (noun) tropical American prickly pear of Jamaica - e.g.
tuna (saltwater fish) - (noun) important warm-water fatty fish of the genus Thunnus of the family Scombridae; usually served as steaks - e.g.
tuna (scombroid) - (noun) any very large marine food and game fish of the genus Thunnus; related to mackerel; chiefly of warm waters - e.g.
tuna (eel) - (noun) New Zealand eel - e.g.
turkey (domestic fowl) - (noun) large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food - e.g.
turkey (domestic fowl) - (noun) a circular segment of a curve - e.g. a bend in the road
turn (change of course) - (noun) the act of changing or reversing the direction of the course - e.g. he took a turn to the right
turn (activity) - (noun) (game) the activity of doing something in an agreed succession - e.g. it is my turn
turn (development) - (noun) an unforeseen development - e.g. events suddenly took an awkward turn
turn (movement) - (noun) a movement in a new direction - e.g. the turning of the wind
turn (change of direction) - (noun) the act of turning away or in the opposite direction - e.g. he made an abrupt turn away from her
turn (change of direction) - (noun) turning or twisting around (in place) - e.g. with a quick twist of his head he surveyed the room
turn (change of direction) - (noun) a time for working (after which you will be relieved by someone else) - e.g. it's my go
turn (part) - (noun) (sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive - e.g.
turn (part) - (noun) a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program - e.g. he did his act three times every evening
turn (favor) - (noun) a favor for someone - e.g. he did me a good turn
turn (walk) - (noun) taking a short walk out and back - e.g. we took a turn in the park
turn (move) - (verb) change orientation or direction, also in the abstract sense - e.g. Turn towards me
turn (move) - (verb) undergo a transformation or a change of position or action - e.g. We turned from Socialism to Capitalism
turn (move) - (verb) undergo a change or development - e.g. The water turned into ice
turn (move) - (verb) cause to move around or rotate - e.g. turn a key
turn (move) - (verb) change to the contrary - e.g. The trend was reversed
turn (travel) - (verb) pass to the other side of - e.g. turn the corner
turn (change) - (verb) pass into a condition gradually, take on a specific property or attribute; become - e.g. The weather turned nasty
turn (transmit) - (verb) let (something) fall or spill from a container - e.g. turn the flour onto a plate
turn (move) - (verb) move around an axis or a center - e.g. The wheels are turning
turn (move) - (verb) cause to move around a center so as to show another side of - e.g. turn a page of a book
turn (send) - (verb) to send or let go - e.g. They turned away the crowd at the gate of the governor's mansion
turn (send) - (verb) to break and turn over earth especially with a plow - e.g. Farmer Jones plowed his east field last week
turn (shape) - (verb) shape by rotating on a lathe or cutting device or a wheel - e.g. turn the legs of the table
turn (discolor) - (verb) change color - e.g. In Vermont, the leaves turn early
turn (discolor) - (verb) twist suddenly so as to sprain - e.g. wrench one's ankle
turn (change) - (verb) cause to change or turn into something different; assume new characteristics - e.g. The princess turned the frog into a prince by kissing him
turn (do) - (verb) accomplish by rotating - e.g. turn a somersault
turn (get) - (verb) get by buying and selling - e.g. the company turned a good profit after a year
turn (move) - (verb) cause to move along an axis or into a new direction - e.g. turn your face to the wall
turn (send) - (verb) channel one's attention, interest, thought, or attention toward or away from something - e.g. The pedophile turned to boys for satisfaction
turn (send) - (verb) cause (a plastic object) to assume a crooked or angular form - e.g. bend the rod
turn (operate) - (verb) alter the functioning or setting of - e.g. turn the dial to 10
turn (aim) - (verb) direct at someone - e.g. She turned a smile on me
turn (aim) - (verb) have recourse to or make an appeal or request for help or information to - e.g. She called on her Representative to help her
turn (aim) - (verb) go sour or spoil - e.g. The milk has soured
turn (senesce) - (verb) become officially one year older - e.g. She is turning 50 this year
turnip (turnip plant) - (noun) widely cultivated plant having a large fleshy edible white or yellow root - e.g.
turnip (root vegetable) - (noun) root of any of several members of the mustard family - e.g.
turtle (jersey) - (noun) a sweater or jersey with a high close-fitting collar - e.g.
turtle (chelonian) - (noun) any of various aquatic and land reptiles having a bony shell and flipper-like limbs for swimming - e.g.
turtle (chelonian) - (noun) overturn accidentally - e.g. Don't rock the boat or it will capsize!
turtle (hunt) - (verb) hunt for turtles, especially as an occupation - e.g.
turtle (hunt) - (verb) an unforeseen development - e.g. events suddenly took an awkward turn
turtle (hunt) - (verb) an interpretation of a text or action - e.g. they put an unsympathetic construction on his conduct
turtle (hunt) - (verb) any clever maneuver - e.g. he would stoop to any device to win a point
turtle (hunt) - (verb) the act of rotating rapidly - e.g. he gave the crank a spin
turtle (hunt) - (verb) a sharp strain on muscles or ligaments - e.g. the wrench to his knee occurred as he fell
turtle (hunt) - (verb) a sharp bend in a line produced when a line having a loop is pulled tight - e.g.
turtle (hunt) - (verb) a circular segment of a curve - e.g. a bend in the road
turtle (hunt) - (verb) a miniature whirlpool or whirlwind resulting when the current of a fluid doubles back on itself - e.g.
twist (movement) - (noun) a jerky pulling movement - e.g.
twist (movement) - (noun) a hairdo formed by braiding or twisting the hair - e.g.
twist (social dancing) - (noun) social dancing in which couples vigorously twist their hips and arms in time to the music; was popular in the 1960s - e.g. they liked to dance the twist
twist (social dancing) - (noun) the act of winding or twisting - e.g. he put the key in the old clock and gave it a good wind
twist (rotation) - (noun) turning or twisting around (in place) - e.g. with a quick twist of his head he surveyed the room
twist (rotation) - (noun) to move in a twisting or contorted motion, (especially when struggling) - e.g. The prisoner writhed in discomfort
twist (rotation) - (noun) cause (a plastic object) to assume a crooked or angular form - e.g. bend the rod
twist (turn) - (verb) turn in the opposite direction - e.g. twist one's head
twist (change shape) - (verb) form into a spiral shape - e.g. The cord is all twisted
twist (shape) - (verb) form into twists - e.g. Twist the strips of dough
twist (shape) - (verb) extend in curves and turns - e.g. The road winds around the lake
twist (dance) - (verb) do the twist - e.g.
twist (dance) - (verb) twist or pull violently or suddenly, especially so as to remove (something) from that to which it is attached or from where it originates - e.g. wrench a window off its hinges
twist (denote) - (verb) practice sophistry; change the meaning of or be vague about in order to mislead or deceive - e.g. Don't twist my words
twist (injure) - (verb) twist suddenly so as to sprain - e.g. wrench one's ankle
umbrella (canopy) - (noun) a lightweight handheld collapsible canopy - e.g.
umbrella (defense) - (noun) a formation of military planes maintained over ground operations or targets - e.g. an air umbrella over England
umbrella (union) - (noun) having the function of uniting a group of similar things - e.g. the Democratic Party is an umbrella for many liberal groups
umbrella (union) - (noun) located below or beneath something else - e.g. nether garments
unit (definite quantity) - (noun) any division of quantity accepted as a standard of measurement or exchange - e.g. the dollar is the United States unit of currency
unit (part) - (noun) an individual or group or structure or other entity regarded as a structural or functional constituent of a whole - e.g. the reduced the number of units and installations
unit (organization) - (noun) an organization regarded as part of a larger social group - e.g. the coach said the offensive unit did a good job
unit (whole) - (noun) a single undivided whole - e.g. an idea is not a unit that can be moved from one brain to another
unit (thing) - (noun) a single undivided natural thing occurring in the composition of something else - e.g. units of nucleic acids
unit (thing) - (noun) an assemblage of parts that is regarded as a single entity - e.g. how big is that part compared to the whole?
up (increase) - (verb) raise - e.g. up the ante
use (activity) - (noun) the act of using - e.g. he warned against the use of narcotic drugs
use (activity) - (noun) what something is used for - e.g. the function of an auger is to bore holes
use (utility) - (noun) a particular service - e.g. he put his knowledge to good use
use (utility) - (noun) (economics) the utilization of economic goods to satisfy needs or in manufacturing - e.g. the consumption of energy has increased steadily
use (utility) - (noun) (psychology) an automatic pattern of behavior in reaction to a specific situation; may be inherited or acquired through frequent repetition - e.g. owls have nocturnal habits
use (utility) - (noun) exerting shrewd or devious influence especially for one's own advantage - e.g. his manipulation of his friends was scandalous
use (legal right) - (noun) (law) the exercise of the legal right to enjoy the benefits of owning property - e.g. we were given the use of his boat
value (numerical quantity) - (noun) a numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed - e.g. the value assigned was 16 milliseconds
value (worth) - (noun) the quality (positive or negative) that renders something desirable or valuable - e.g. the Shakespearean Shylock is of dubious value in the modern world
value (measure) - (noun) the amount (of money or goods or services) that is considered to be a fair equivalent for something else - e.g. he tried to estimate the value of the produce at normal prices
value (color property) - (noun) relative darkness or lightness of a color - e.g. I establish the colors and principal values by organizing the painting into three values--dark, medium...and light"-Joe Hing Lowe
value (duration) - (noun) (music) the relative duration of a musical note - e.g.
value (ideal) - (noun) an ideal accepted by some individual or group - e.g. he has old-fashioned values
value (determine) - (verb) fix or determine the value of; assign a value to - e.g. value the jewelry and art work in the estate
value (determine) - (verb) hold dear - e.g. I prize these old photographs
value (determine) - (verb) regard highly; think much of - e.g. I respect his judgement
value (determine) - (verb) evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of - e.g. I will have the family jewels appraised by a professional
value (determine) - (verb) estimate the value of - e.g. How would you rate his chances to become President?
vegetable (produce) - (noun) edible seeds or roots or stems or leaves or bulbs or tubers or nonsweet fruits of any of numerous herbaceous plant - e.g.
vegetable (herb) - (noun) any of various herbaceous plants cultivated for an edible part such as the fruit or the root of the beet or the leaf of spinach or the seeds of bean plants or the flower buds of broccoli or... - e.g.
venison (game) - (noun) meat from a deer used as food - e.g.
venison (game) - (noun) literature in metrical form - e.g.
verse (poem) - (noun) a piece of poetry - e.g.
verse (line) - (noun) a line of metrical text - e.g.
verse (write) - (verb) compose verses or put into verse - e.g. He versified the ancient saga
verse (familiarize) - (verb) familiarize through thorough study or experience - e.g. She versed herself in Roman archeology
vessel (tube) - (noun) a tube in which a body fluid circulates - e.g.
vessel (craft) - (noun) a craft designed for water transportation - e.g.
vessel (container) - (noun) an object used as a container (especially for liquids) - e.g.
vessel (container) - (noun) a way of regarding situations or topics etc. - e.g. consider what follows from the positivist view
view (visual percept) - (noun) the visual percept of a region - e.g. the most desirable feature of the park are the beautiful views
view (look) - (noun) the act of looking or seeing or observing - e.g. he tried to get a better view of it
view (range) - (noun) the range of the eye - e.g. they were soon out of view
view (range) - (noun) a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty - e.g. my opinion differs from yours
view (range) - (noun) a message expressing a belief about something; the expression of a belief that is held with confidence but not substantiated by positive knowledge or proof - e.g. his opinions appeared frequently on the editorial page
view (purpose) - (noun) purpose; the phrase `with a view to' means `with the intention of' or `for the purpose of' - e.g. he took the computer with a view to pawning it
view (purpose) - (noun) graphic art consisting of the graphic or photographic representation of a visual percept - e.g. he painted scenes from everyday life
view (purpose) - (noun) the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated - e.g. It is beyond the horizon of present knowledge
view (appearance) - (noun) outward appearance - e.g. they look the same in outward view
view (appearance) - (noun) deem to be - e.g. She views this quite differently from me
view (analyze) - (verb) look at carefully; study mentally - e.g. view a problem
view (analyze) - (verb) see or watch - e.g. view a show on television
vinegar (condiment) - (noun) sour-tasting liquid produced usually by oxidation of the alcohol in wine or cider and used as a condiment or food preservative - e.g.
vinegar (acetic acid) - (noun) dilute acetic acid - e.g.
voice (sound) - (noun) the distinctive quality or pitch or condition of a person's speech - e.g. A shrill voice sounded behind us
voice (communication) - (noun) the sound made by the vibration of vocal folds modified by the resonance of the vocal tract - e.g. a singer takes good care of his voice
voice (sound) - (noun) a sound suggestive of a vocal utterance - e.g. the noisy voice of the waterfall
voice (sound) - (noun) expressing in coherent verbal form - e.g. the articulation of my feelings
voice (means) - (noun) a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated - e.g. the voice of the law
voice (communication) - (noun) something suggestive of speech in being a medium of expression - e.g. the wee small voice of conscience
voice (singer) - (noun) (metonymy) a singer - e.g. he wanted to hear trained voices sing it
voice (singer) - (noun) an advocate who represents someone else's policy or purpose - e.g. the meeting was attended by spokespersons for all the major organs of government
voice (physical ability) - (noun) the ability to speak - e.g. he lost his voice
voice (grammatical relation) - (noun) (linguistics) the grammatical relation (active or passive) of the grammatical subject of a verb to the action that the verb denotes - e.g.
voice (grammatical relation) - (noun) the melody carried by a particular voice or instrument in polyphonic music - e.g. he tried to sing the tenor part
voice (express) - (verb) give voice to - e.g. He voiced his concern
voice (pronounce) - (verb) utter with vibrating vocal chords - e.g.
voice (pronounce) - (verb) the act of waiting (remaining inactive in one place while expecting something) - e.g. the wait was an ordeal for him
voice (pronounce) - (verb) stay in one place and anticipate or expect something - e.g. I had to wait on line for an hour to get the tickets
voice (pronounce) - (verb) wait before acting - e.g. the scientists held off announcing their results until they repeated the experiment
voice (pronounce) - (verb) look forward to the probable occurrence of - e.g. We were expecting a visit from our relatives
voice (pronounce) - (verb) serve as a waiter or waitress in a restaurant - e.g. I'm waiting on tables at Maxim's
walk (locomotion) - (noun) the act of traveling by foot - e.g. walking is a healthy form of exercise
walk (locomotion) - (noun) (baseball) an advance to first base by a batter who receives four balls - e.g. he worked the pitcher for a base on balls
walk (carriage) - (noun) manner of walking - e.g. he had a funny walk
walk (travel) - (noun) the act of walking somewhere - e.g. he took a walk after lunch
walk (path) - (noun) a path set aside for walking - e.g. after the blizzard he shoveled the front walk
walk (gait) - (noun) a slow gait of a horse in which two feet are always on the ground - e.g.
walk (career) - (noun) careers in general - e.g. it happens in all walks of life
walk (travel) - (verb) use one's feet to advance; advance by steps - e.g. Walk, don't run!
walk (accompany) - (verb) accompany or escort - e.g. I'll walk you to your car
walk (score) - (verb) obtain a base on balls - e.g.
walk (traverse) - (verb) traverse or cover by walking - e.g. Walk the tightrope
walk (play) - (verb) give a base on balls to - e.g.
walk (behave) - (verb) live or behave in a specified manner - e.g. walk in sadness
walk (consociate) - (verb) be or act in association with - e.g. We must walk with our dispossessed brothers and sisters
walk (pace) - (verb) walk at a pace - e.g. The horses walked across the meadow
walk (compel) - (verb) make walk - e.g. He walks the horse up the mountain
walk (travel) - (verb) take a walk; go for a walk; walk for pleasure - e.g. The lovers held hands while walking
wall (partition) - (noun) an architectural partition with a height and length greater than its thickness; used to divide or enclose an area or to support another structure - e.g. the south wall had a small window
wall (object) - (noun) anything that suggests a wall in structure or function or effect - e.g. a wall of water
wall (stratum) - (noun) (anatomy) a layer (a lining or membrane) that encloses a structure - e.g. stomach walls
wall (difficulty) - (noun) a difficult or awkward situation - e.g. his back was to the wall
wall (geological formation) - (noun) a vertical (or almost vertical) smooth rock face (as of a cave or mountain) - e.g.
wall (layer) - (noun) a layer of material that encloses space - e.g. the walls of the cylinder were perforated
wall (fence) - (noun) a masonry fence (as around an estate or garden) - e.g. the wall followed the road
wall (fence) - (noun) an embankment built around a space for defensive purposes - e.g. they stormed the ramparts of the city
wall (protect) - (verb) surround with a wall in order to fortify - e.g.
war (military action) - (noun) the waging of armed conflict against an enemy - e.g. thousands of people were killed in the war
war (hostility) - (noun) a legal state created by a declaration of war and ended by official declaration during which the international rules of war apply - e.g. war was declared in November but actual fighting did not begin until the following spring
war (conflict) - (noun) an active struggle between competing entities - e.g. a price war
war (campaign) - (noun) a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious - e.g. the war on poverty
war (contend) - (verb) make or wage war - e.g.
warm (change) - (verb) get warm or warmer - e.g. The soup warmed slowly on the stove
warm (change) - (verb) make warm or warmer - e.g. The blanket will warm you
wash (water-base paint) - (noun) a thin coat of water-base paint - e.g.
wash (work) - (noun) the work of cleansing (usually with soap and water) - e.g.
wash (streambed) - (noun) the dry bed of an intermittent stream (as at the bottom of a canyon) - e.g.
wash (soil erosion) - (noun) the erosive process of washing away soil or gravel by water (as from a roadway) - e.g. from the house they watched the washout of their newly seeded lawn by the water
wash (soil erosion) - (noun) the flow of air that is driven backwards by an aircraft propeller - e.g.
wash (watercolor) - (noun) a watercolor made by applying a series of monochrome washes one over the other - e.g.
wash (watercolor) - (noun) garments or white goods that can be cleaned by laundering - e.g.
wash (business activity) - (noun) any enterprise in which losses and gains cancel out - e.g. at the end of the year the accounting department showed that it was a wash
wash (serve) - (verb) clean with some chemical process - e.g.
wash (cleanse) - (verb) cleanse (one's body) with soap and water - e.g.
wash (clean) - (verb) cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water - e.g. Wash the towels, please!
wash (move) - (verb) move by or as if by water - e.g. The swollen river washed away the footbridge
wash (be) - (verb) be capable of being washed - e.g. Does this material wash?
wash (stand) - (verb) admit to testing or proof - e.g. This silly excuse won't wash in traffic court
wash (separate) - (verb) separate dirt or gravel from (precious minerals) - e.g.
wash (cover) - (verb) apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to - e.g.
wash (remove) - (verb) remove by the application of water or other liquid and soap or some other cleaning agent - e.g. he washed the dirt from his coat
wash (erode) - (verb) form by erosion - e.g. The river washed a ravine into the mountainside
wash (erode) - (verb) make moist - e.g. The dew moistened the meadows
wash (erode) - (verb) wash or flow against - e.g. the waves laved the shore
wash (cleanse) - (verb) to cleanse (itself or another animal) by licking - e.g. The cat washes several times a day
wasp (protestant) - (noun) a white person of Anglo-Saxon ancestry who belongs to a Protestant denomination - e.g.
wasp (hymenopterous insect) - (noun) social or solitary hymenopterans typically having a slender body with the abdomen attached by a narrow stalk and having a formidable sting - e.g.
waste (material) - (noun) any materials unused and rejected as worthless or unwanted - e.g. they collect the waste once a week
waste (activity) - (noun) useless or profitless activity; using or expending or consuming thoughtlessly or carelessly - e.g. if the effort brings no compensating gain it is a waste
waste (activity) - (noun) the trait of wasting resources - e.g. a life characterized by thriftlessness and waste
waste (activity) - (noun) an uninhabited wilderness that is worthless for cultivation - e.g. the barrens of central Africa
waste (act) - (noun) (law) reduction in the value of an estate caused by act or neglect - e.g.
waste (use) - (verb) spend thoughtlessly; throw away - e.g. He wasted his inheritance on his insincere friends
waste (use) - (verb) use inefficiently or inappropriately - e.g. waste heat
waste (discard) - (verb) get rid of - e.g. We waste the dirty water by channeling it into the sewer
waste (run) - (verb) run off as waste - e.g. The water wastes back into the ocean
waste (run) - (verb) get rid of (someone who may be a threat) by killing - e.g. The mafia liquidated the informer
waste (run) - (verb) spend extravagantly - e.g. waste not, want not
waste (run) - (verb) lose vigor, health, or flesh, as through grief - e.g. After her husband died, she just pined away
waste (enfeeble) - (verb) cause to grow thin or weak - e.g. The treatment emaciated him
waste (enfeeble) - (verb) cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly - e.g. The enemy lay waste to the countryside after the invasion
waste (devolve) - (verb) become physically weaker - e.g. Political prisoners are wasting away in many prisons all over the world
waste (devolve) - (verb) located in a dismal or remote area; desolate - e.g. a desert island
watch (timepiece) - (noun) a small portable timepiece - e.g.
watch (shift) - (noun) a period of time (4 or 2 hours) during which some of a ship's crew are on duty - e.g.
watch (surveillance) - (noun) a purposeful surveillance to guard or observe - e.g.
watch (time period) - (noun) the period during which someone (especially a guard) is on duty - e.g.
watch (time period) - (noun) a person employed to keep watch for some anticipated event - e.g.
watch (time period) - (noun) the rite of staying awake for devotional purposes (especially on the eve of a religious festival) - e.g.
water (liquid) - (noun) binary compound that occurs at room temperature as a clear colorless odorless tasteless liquid; freezes into ice below 0 degrees centigrade and boils above 100 degrees centigrade; widely us... - e.g.
water (liquid) - (noun) the part of the earth's surface covered with water (such as a river or lake or ocean) - e.g. they invaded our territorial waters
water (element) - (noun) once thought to be one of four elements composing the universe (Empedocles) - e.g.
water (facility) - (noun) a facility that provides a source of water - e.g. the town debated the purification of the water supply
water (facility) - (noun) liquid excretory product - e.g. there was blood in his urine
water (nutrient) - (noun) a liquid necessary for the life of most animals and plants - e.g. he asked for a drink of water
water (wet) - (verb) supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams - e.g. Water the fields
water (supply) - (verb) provide with water - e.g. We watered the buffalo
water (secrete) - (verb) secrete or form water, as tears or saliva - e.g. My mouth watered at the prospect of a good dinner
water (fill) - (verb) fill with tears - e.g. His eyes were watering
wave (movement) - (noun) one of a series of ridges that moves across the surface of a liquid (especially across a large body of water) - e.g.
wave (motion) - (noun) a movement like that of a sudden occurrence or increase in a specified phenomenon - e.g. a wave of settlers
wave (movement) - (noun) (physics) a movement up and down or back and forth - e.g.
wave (rise) - (noun) something that rises rapidly - e.g. a wave of emotion swept over him
wave (gesture) - (noun) the act of signaling by a movement of the hand - e.g.
wave (hairdo) - (noun) a hairdo that creates undulations in the hair - e.g.
wave (curve) - (noun) an undulating curve - e.g.
wave (weather) - (noun) a persistent and widespread unusual weather condition (especially of unusual temperatures) - e.g. a heat wave
wave (woman) - (noun) a member of the women's reserve of the United States Navy; originally organized during World War II but now no longer a separate branch - e.g.
wave (woman) - (noun) signal with the hands or nod - e.g. She waved to her friends
wave (woman) - (noun) move or swing back and forth - e.g. She waved her gun
wave (woman) - (noun) move in a wavy pattern or with a rising and falling motion - e.g. The curtains undulated
wave (woman) - (noun) twist or roll into coils or ringlets - e.g. curl my hair, please
wave (dress) - (verb) set waves in - e.g. she asked the hairdresser to wave her hair
wax (lipid) - (noun) any of various substances of either mineral origin or plant or animal origin; they are solid at normal temperatures and insoluble in water - e.g.
wax (cover) - (verb) cover with wax - e.g. wax the car
wax (increase) - (verb) go up or advance - e.g. Sales were climbing after prices were lowered
wax (increase) - (verb) increase in phase - e.g. the moon is waxing
wax (increase) - (verb) how something is done or how it happens - e.g. her dignified manner
wax (increase) - (verb) how a result is obtained or an end is achieved - e.g. a means of control
wax (increase) - (verb) a line leading to a place or point - e.g. he looked the other direction
way (condition) - (noun) the condition of things generally - e.g. that's the way it is
way (course) - (noun) a course of conduct - e.g. the path of virtue
way (artifact) - (noun) any artifact consisting of a road or path affording passage from one place to another - e.g. he said he was looking for the way out
way (journey) - (noun) a journey or passage - e.g. they are on the way
way (journey) - (noun) space for movement - e.g. room to pass
way (distance) - (noun) the property of distance in general - e.g. it's a long way to Moscow
way (choice) - (noun) doing as one pleases or chooses - e.g. if I had my way
way (category) - (noun) a general category of things; used in the expression `in the way of' - e.g. they didn't have much in the way of clothing
way (share) - (noun) a portion of something divided into shares - e.g. they split the loot three ways
weather (atmospheric phenomenon) - (noun) the atmospheric conditions that comprise the state of the atmosphere in terms of temperature and wind and clouds and precipitation - e.g. they were hoping for good weather
weather (defy) - (verb) face and withstand with courage - e.g. She braved the elements
weather (lean) - (verb) cause to slope - e.g.
weather (sail) - (verb) sail to the windward of - e.g.
weather (decay) - (verb) change under the action or influence of the weather - e.g. A weathered old hut
weather (decay) - (verb) towards the side exposed to wind - e.g.
weed (vascular plant) - (noun) any plant that crowds out cultivated plants - e.g.
weed (band) - (noun) a black band worn by a man (on the arm or hat) as a sign of mourning - e.g.
weed (band) - (noun) street names for marijuana - e.g.
weed (remove) - (verb) clear of weeds - e.g. weed the garden
week (time period) - (noun) any period of seven consecutive days - e.g. it rained for a week
week (time period) - (noun) hours or days of work in a calendar week - e.g. they worked a 40-hour week
week (time period) - (noun) a period of seven consecutive days starting on Sunday - e.g.
weight (physical property) - (noun) the vertical force exerted by a mass as a result of gravity - e.g.
weight (sports equipment) - (noun) sports equipment used in calisthenic exercises and weightlifting; it is not attached to anything and is raised and lowered by use of the hands and arms - e.g.
weight (importance) - (noun) the relative importance granted to something - e.g. his opinion carries great weight
weight (artifact) - (noun) an artifact that is heavy - e.g.
weight (oppression) - (noun) an oppressive feeling of heavy force - e.g. bowed down by the weight of responsibility
weight (oppression) - (noun) a system of units used to express the weight of something - e.g.
weight (unit of measurement) - (noun) a unit used to measure weight - e.g. he placed two weights in the scale pan
weight (coefficient) - (noun) (statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance - e.g.
weight (coefficient) - (noun) weight down with a load - e.g.
weight (coefficient) - (noun) present with a bias - e.g. He biased his presentation so as to please the share holders
well (excavation) - (noun) a deep hole or shaft dug or drilled to obtain water or oil or gas or brine - e.g.
well (vessel) - (noun) a cavity or vessel used to contain liquid - e.g.
well (source) - (noun) an abundant source - e.g. she was a well of information
well (shaft) - (noun) an open shaft through the floors of a building (as for a stairway) - e.g.
well (compartment) - (noun) an enclosed compartment in a ship or plane for holding something as e.g. fish or a plane's landing gear or for protecting something as e.g. a ship's pumps - e.g.
well (surface) - (verb) come up, as of a liquid - e.g. Tears well in her eyes
west (surface) - (verb) wetness caused by water - e.g. drops of wet gleamed on the window
wet (change) - (verb) cause to become wet - e.g. Wet your face
wet (make) - (verb) make one's bed or clothes wet by urinating - e.g. This eight year old boy still wets his bed
wet (make) - (verb) a very large person; impressive in size or qualities - e.g.
whale (cetacean) - (noun) any of the larger cetacean mammals having a streamlined body and breathing through a blowhole on the head - e.g.
whale (hunt) - (verb) hunt for whales - e.g.
wheat (cereal) - (noun) annual or biennial grass having erect flower spikes and light brown grains - e.g.
wheat (grain) - (noun) grains of common wheat; sometimes cooked whole or cracked as cereal; usually ground into flour - e.g.
wheat (grain) - (noun) a variable yellow tint; dull yellow, often diluted with white - e.g.
wheel (machine) - (noun) a simple machine consisting of a circular frame with spokes (or a solid disc) that can rotate on a shaft or axle (as in vehicles or other machines) - e.g.
wheel (machine) - (noun) a handwheel that is used for steering - e.g.
wheel (force) - (noun) forces that provide energy and direction - e.g. the wheels of government began to turn
wheel (helm) - (noun) a circular helm to control the rudder of a vessel - e.g.
wheel (helm) - (noun) game equipment consisting of a wheel with slots that is used for gambling; the wheel rotates horizontally and players bet on which slot the roulette ball will stop in - e.g.
wheel (helm) - (noun) an instrument of torture that stretches or disjoints or mutilates victims - e.g.
wheel (helm) - (noun) a wheeled vehicle that has two wheels and is moved by foot pedals - e.g.
wheel (revolve) - (verb) change directions as if revolving on a pivot - e.g. They wheeled their horses around and left
wheel (transport) - (verb) wheel somebody or something - e.g.
wheel (travel) - (verb) move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle - e.g. The President's convoy rolled past the crowds
wheel (travel) - (verb) ride a bicycle - e.g.
while (time) - (noun) a period of indeterminate length (usually short) marked by some action or condition - e.g. he was here for a little while
whip (instrument) - (noun) an instrument with a handle and a flexible lash that is used for whipping - e.g.
whip (legislator) - (noun) a legislator appointed by the party to enforce discipline - e.g.
whip (dessert) - (noun) a dessert made of sugar and stiffly beaten egg whites or cream and usually flavored with fruit - e.g.
whip (flexibility) - (noun) (golf) the flexibility of the shaft of a golf club - e.g.
whip (blow) - (noun) a quick blow delivered with a whip or whiplike object - e.g. the whip raised a red welt
whip (blow) - (noun) beat severely with a whip or rod - e.g. The teacher often flogged the students
whip (blow) - (noun) defeat thoroughly - e.g. He mopped up the floor with his opponents
whip (convulse) - (verb) thrash about flexibly in the manner of a whiplash - e.g. The tall grass whipped in the wind
whip (strike) - (verb) strike as if by whipping - e.g. The curtain whipped her face
whip (strike) - (verb) whip with or as if with a wire whisk - e.g. whisk the eggs
whip (strike) - (verb) subject to harsh criticism - e.g. The Senator blistered the administration in his speech on Friday
whistle (sound) - (noun) the sound made by something moving rapidly or by steam coming out of a small aperture - e.g.
whistle (signal) - (noun) the act of signalling (e.g., summoning) by whistling or blowing a whistle - e.g. the whistle signalled the end of the game
whistle (wind instrument) - (noun) a small wind instrument that produces a whistling sound by blowing into it - e.g.
whistle (signaling device) - (noun) acoustic device that forces air or steam against an edge or into a cavity and so produces a loud shrill sound - e.g.
whistle (signaling device) - (noun) an inexpensive fipple flute - e.g.
whistle (sound) - (verb) make whistling sounds - e.g. He lay there, snoring and whistling
whistle (travel) - (verb) move with, or as with, a whistling sound - e.g. The bullets whistled past him
whistle (communicate) - (verb) utter or express by whistling - e.g. She whistled a melody
whistle (move) - (verb) move, send, or bring as if by whistling - e.g. Her optimism whistled away these worries
whistle (sound) - (verb) make a whining, ringing, or whistling sound - e.g. the kettle was singing
whistle (sign) - (verb) give a signal by whistling - e.g. She whistled for her maid
white (person) - (noun) a member of the Caucasoid race - e.g.
white (achromatic color) - (noun) the quality or state of the achromatic color of greatest lightness (bearing the least resemblance to black) - e.g.
white (achromatic color) - (noun) a United Nations agency to coordinate international health activities and to help governments improve health services - e.g.
why (reason) - (noun) the cause or intention underlying an action or situation, especially in the phrase `the whys and wherefores' - e.g.
wide (reason) - (noun) the capability of conscious choice and decision and intention - e.g. the exercise of their volition we construe as revolt"- George Meredith
will (purpose) - (noun) a fixed and persistent intent or purpose - e.g. where there's a will there's a way
will (legal document) - (noun) a legal document declaring a person's wishes regarding the disposal of their property when they die - e.g.
will (ordain) - (verb) decree or ordain - e.g. God wills our existence
will (decide) - (verb) determine by choice - e.g. This action was willed and intended
will (decide) - (verb) leave or give by will after one's death - e.g. My aunt bequeathed me all her jewelry
willow (tree) - (noun) any of numerous deciduous trees and shrubs of the genus Salix - e.g.
willow (textile machine) - (noun) a textile machine having a system of revolving spikes for opening and cleaning raw textile fibers - e.g.
wind (weather) - (noun) air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure - e.g. trees bent under the fierce winds
wind (influence) - (noun) a tendency or force that influences events - e.g. the winds of change
wind (exhalation) - (noun) breath - e.g. the collision knocked the wind out of him
wind (talk) - (noun) empty rhetoric or insincere or exaggerated talk - e.g. that's a lot of wind
wind (talk) - (noun) an indication of potential opportunity - e.g. he got a tip on the stock market
wind (musical instrument) - (noun) a musical instrument in which the sound is produced by an enclosed column of air that is moved by the breath - e.g.
wind (musical instrument) - (noun) a reflex that expels intestinal gas through the anus - e.g.
wind (rotation) - (noun) the act of winding or twisting - e.g. he put the key in the old clock and gave it a good wind
wind (rotation) - (noun) to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course - e.g. the river winds through the hills
wind (be) - (verb) extend in curves and turns - e.g. The road winds around the lake
wind (move) - (verb) arrange or or coil around - e.g. roll your hair around your finger
wind (move) - (verb) catch the scent of; get wind of - e.g. The dog nosed out the drugs
wind (tighten) - (verb) coil the spring of (some mechanical device) by turning a stem - e.g. wind your watch
wind (tighten) - (verb) form into a wreath - e.g.
wind (tighten) - (verb) raise or haul up with or as if with mechanical help - e.g. hoist the bicycle onto the roof of the car
window (framework) - (noun) a framework of wood or metal that contains a glass windowpane and is built into a wall or roof to admit light or air - e.g.
window (opening) - (noun) a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back; usually is capable of being opened - e.g.
window (panel) - (noun) a transparent panel (as of an envelope) inserted in an otherwise opaque material - e.g.
window (opening) - (noun) an opening that resembles a window in appearance or function - e.g. he could see them through a window in the trees
window (time period) - (noun) the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something - e.g. the expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves
window (pane) - (noun) a pane of glass in a window - e.g. the ball shattered the window
window (opening) - (noun) an opening in a wall or screen that admits light and air and through which customers can be served - e.g. he stuck his head in the window
window (display) - (noun) (computer science) a rectangular part of a computer screen that contains a display different from the rest of the screen - e.g.
wine (alcohol) - (noun) fermented juice (of grapes especially) - e.g.
wine (dark red) - (noun) a red as dark as red wine - e.g.
wine (drink) - (verb) drink wine - e.g.
wine (regale) - (verb) treat to wine - e.g. Our relatives in Italy wined and dined us for a week
wing (organ) - (noun) a movable organ for flying (one of a pair) - e.g.
wing (airfoil) - (noun) one of the horizontal airfoils on either side of the fuselage of an airplane - e.g.
wing (stage) - (noun) a stage area out of sight of the audience - e.g.
wing (air unit) - (noun) a unit of military aircraft - e.g.
wing (air unit) - (noun) the side of military or naval formation - e.g. they attacked the enemy's right flank
wing (hockey player) - (noun) a hockey player stationed in a forward position on either side - e.g.
wing (position) - (noun) (in flight formation) a position to the side and just to the rear of another aircraft - e.g.
wing (social group) - (noun) a group within a political party or legislature or other organization that holds distinct views or has a particular function - e.g. they are the progressive wing of the Republican Party
wing (helping) - (noun) the wing of a fowl - e.g. he preferred the drumsticks to the wings
wing (helping) - (noun) a barrier that surrounds the wheels of a vehicle to block splashing water or mud - e.g. in Britain they call a fender a wing
wing (helping) - (noun) an addition that extends a main building - e.g.
wing (helping) - (noun) travel through the air; be airborne - e.g. Man cannot fly
winter (season) - (noun) the coldest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the winter solstice to the vernal equinox - e.g.
winter (spend) - (verb) spend the winter - e.g. We wintered on the Riviera
wire (ligament) - (noun) ligament made of metal and used to fasten things or make cages or fences etc - e.g.
wire (conductor) - (noun) a metal conductor that carries electricity over a distance - e.g.
wire (finishing line) - (noun) the finishing line on a racetrack - e.g.
wire (finishing line) - (noun) a message transmitted by telegraph - e.g.
wire (equip) - (verb) provide with electrical circuits - e.g. wire the addition to the house
wire (equip) - (verb) send cables, wires, or telegrams - e.g.
wire (fasten) - (verb) fasten with wire - e.g. The columns were wired to the beams for support
wire (string) - (verb) string on a wire - e.g. wire beads
wire (string) - (verb) equip for use with electricity - e.g. electrify an appliance
wise (manner) - (noun) a way of doing or being - e.g. in no wise
woman (female) - (noun) an adult female person (as opposed to a man) - e.g. the woman kept house while the man hunted
woman (female) - (noun) a female person who plays a significant role (wife or mistress or girlfriend) in the life of a particular man - e.g. he was faithful to his woman
woman (female) - (noun) a human female employed to do housework - e.g. the char will clean the carpet
woman (class) - (noun) women as a class - e.g. it's an insult to American womanhood
wood (plant material) - (noun) the hard fibrous lignified substance under the bark of trees - e.g.
wood (plant material) - (noun) the trees and other plants in a large densely wooded area - e.g.
woodpecker (piciform bird) - (noun) bird with strong claws and a stiff tail adapted for climbing and a hard chisel-like bill for boring into wood for insects - e.g.
wool (fabric) - (noun) a fabric made from the hair of sheep - e.g.
wool (animal fiber) - (noun) fiber sheared from animals (such as sheep) and twisted into yarn for weaving - e.g.
wool (coat) - (noun) outer coat of especially sheep and yaks - e.g.
word (language unit) - (noun) a unit of language that native speakers can identify - e.g. words are the blocks from which sentences are made
word (statement) - (noun) a brief statement - e.g. he didn't say a word about it
word (statement) - (noun) information about recent and important events - e.g. they awaited news of the outcome
word (order) - (noun) a verbal command for action - e.g. when I give the word, charge!
word (order) - (noun) an exchange of views on some topic - e.g. we had a good discussion
word (order) - (noun) a promise - e.g. he gave his word
word (computer memory unit) - (noun) a word is a string of bits stored in computer memory - e.g. large computers use words up to 64 bits long
word (computer memory unit) - (noun) the divine word of God; the second person in the Trinity (incarnate in Jesus) - e.g.
word (computer memory unit) - (noun) a secret word or phrase known only to a restricted group - e.g. he forgot the password
word (computer memory unit) - (noun) the sacred writings of the Christian religions - e.g. he went to carry the Word to the heathen
word (computer memory unit) - (noun) put into words or an expression - e.g. He formulated his concerns to the board of trustees
work (activity) - (noun) activity directed toward making or doing something - e.g. she checked several points needing further work
work (product) - (noun) a product produced or accomplished through the effort or activity or agency of a person or thing - e.g. it is not regarded as one of his more memorable works
work (product) - (noun) the occupation for which you are paid - e.g. he is looking for employment
work (product) - (noun) applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject (especially by reading) - e.g. mastering a second language requires a lot of work
work (energy) - (noun) (physics) a manifestation of energy; the transfer of energy from one physical system to another expressed as the product of a force and the distance through which it moves a body in the dir... - e.g. work equals force times distance
work (geographic point) - (noun) a place where work is done - e.g. he arrived at work early today
work (geographic point) - (noun) the total output of a writer or artist (or a substantial part of it) - e.g. he studied the entire Wagnerian oeuvre
worm (invertebrate) - (noun) any of numerous relatively small elongated soft-bodied animals especially of the phyla Annelida and Chaetognatha and Nematoda and Nemertea and Platyhelminthes; also many insect larvae - e.g.
worm (unpleasant person) - (noun) a person who has a nasty or unethical character undeserving of respect - e.g.
worm (malevolent program) - (noun) a software program capable of reproducing itself that can spread from one computer to the next over a network - e.g. worms take advantage of automatic file sending and receiving features found on many computers
worm (screw) - (noun) screw thread on a gear with the teeth of a worm wheel or rack - e.g.
worm (screw) - (noun) to move in a twisting or contorted motion, (especially when struggling) - e.g. The prisoner writhed in discomfort
wound (injury) - (noun) an injury to living tissue (especially an injury involving a cut or break in the skin) - e.g.
wound (personnel casualty) - (noun) a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat - e.g.
wound (distress) - (noun) a figurative injury (to your feelings or pride) - e.g. he feared that mentioning it might reopen the wound
wound (damage) - (noun) the act of inflicting a wound - e.g.
wound (damage) - (noun) cause injuries or bodily harm to - e.g.
wound (damage) - (noun) hurt the feelings of - e.g. She hurt me when she did not include me among her guests
wound (damage) - (noun) to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course - e.g. the river winds through the hills
wound (damage) - (noun) extend in curves and turns - e.g. The road winds around the lake
wound (damage) - (noun) arrange or or coil around - e.g. roll your hair around your finger
wound (damage) - (noun) catch the scent of; get wind of - e.g. The dog nosed out the drugs
wound (damage) - (noun) coil the spring of (some mechanical device) by turning a stem - e.g. wind your watch
wound (damage) - (noun) form into a wreath - e.g.
wound (damage) - (noun) raise or haul up with or as if with mechanical help - e.g. hoist the bicycle onto the roof of the car
writing (verbal creation) - (noun) the act of creating written works - e.g. writing was a form of therapy for him
writing (written communication) - (noun) the work of a writer; anything expressed in letters of the alphabet (especially when considered from the point of view of style and effect) - e.g. the writing in her novels is excellent
writing (written communication) - (noun) (usually plural) the collected work of an author - e.g. the idea occurs with increasing frequency in Hemingway's writings
writing (written communication) - (noun) letters or symbols that are written or imprinted on a surface to represent the sounds or words of a language - e.g. he turned the paper over so the writing wouldn't show
writing (activity) - (noun) the activity of putting something in written form - e.g. she did the thinking while he did the writing
writing (activity) - (noun) produce a literary work - e.g. She composed a poem
writing (activity) - (noun) communicate or express by writing - e.g. Please write to me every week
writing (activity) - (noun) have (one's written work) issued for publication - e.g. How many books did Georges Simenon write?
writing (activity) - (noun) communicate (with) in writing - e.g. Write her soon, please!
writing (activity) - (noun) communicate by letter - e.g. He wrote that he would be coming soon
writing (activity) - (noun) write music - e.g. Beethoven composed nine symphonies
writing (activity) - (noun) mark or trace on a surface - e.g. The artist wrote Chinese characters on a big piece of white paper
writing (activity) - (noun) record data on a computer - e.g. boot-up instructions are written on the hard disk
writing (activity) - (noun) write or name the letters that comprise the conventionally accepted form of (a word or part of a word) - e.g. He spelled the word wrong in this letter
writing (activity) - (noun) create code, write a computer program - e.g. She writes code faster than anybody else
wrong (injustice) - (noun) that which is contrary to the principles of justice or law - e.g. he feels that you are in the wrong
wrong (injury) - (noun) any harm or injury resulting from a violation of a legal right - e.g.
wrong (treat) - (verb) treat unjustly; do wrong to - e.g.
wrong (treat) - (verb) not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth - e.g. an incorrect calculation
year (time period) - (noun) a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days - e.g. she is 4 years old
year (time period) - (noun) a period of time occupying a regular part of a calendar year that is used for some particular activity - e.g. a school year
year (time period) - (noun) the period of time that it takes for a planet (as, e.g., Earth or Mars) to make a complete revolution around the sun - e.g. a Martian year takes 687 of our days
year (time period) - (noun) a body of students who graduate together - e.g. the class of '97
yeast (leaven) - (noun) a commercial leavening agent containing yeast cells; used to raise the dough in making bread and for fermenting beer or whiskey - e.g.
yeast (fungus) - (noun) any of various single-celled fungi that reproduce asexually by budding or division - e.g.
yellow (chromatic color) - (noun) yellow color or pigment; the chromatic color resembling the hue of sunflowers or ripe lemons - e.g.
yellow (discolor) - (verb) turn yellow - e.g. The pages of the book began to yellow
yes (affirmative) - (noun) an affirmative - e.g. I was hoping for a yes
yesterday (day) - (noun) the day immediately before today - e.g. it was in yesterday's newspapers
yesterday (past) - (noun) the recent past - e.g. yesterday's solutions are not good enough
yew (wood) - (noun) wood of a yew; especially the durable fine-grained light brown or red wood of the English yew valued for cabinetwork and archery bows - e.g.
yew (conifer) - (noun) any of numerous evergreen trees or shrubs having red cup-shaped berries and flattened needlelike leaves - e.g.
yogurt (dairy product) - (noun) a custard-like food made from curdled milk - e.g.
yoke (fabric) - (noun) fabric comprising a fitted part at the top of a garment - e.g.
yoke (oppression) - (noun) an oppressive power - e.g. under the yoke of a tyrant
yoke (oppression) - (noun) two items of the same kind - e.g.
yoke (pair) - (noun) a pair of draft animals joined by a yoke - e.g. pulled by a yoke of oxen
yoke (support) - (noun) support consisting of a wooden frame across the shoulders that enables a person to carry buckets hanging from each end - e.g.
yoke (connection) - (noun) a connection (like a clamp or vise) between two things so they move together - e.g.
yoke (stable gear) - (noun) stable gear that joins two draft animals at the neck so they can work together as a team - e.g.
yoke (join) - (verb) become joined or linked together - e.g.
yoke (attach) - (verb) link with or as with a yoke - e.g. yoke the oxen together
yoke (attach) - (verb) put a yoke on or join with a yoke - e.g. Yoke the draft horses together
young (animal) - (noun) any immature animal - e.g.
young (animal) - (noun) before noon - e.g.
young (animal) - (noun) before noon - e.g. let's meet at 11 A.M.
afternoon (day) - (noun) the part of the day between noon and evening - e.g. he spent a quiet afternoon in the park
afternoon (day) - (noun) a conventional expression of greeting or farewell - e.g.
apr (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following March and preceding May - e.g.
april (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following March and preceding May - e.g.
aug (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following July and preceding September - e.g.
august (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following July and preceding September - e.g.
august (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the season when the leaves fall from the trees - e.g. in the fall of 1973
august (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) earlier in time; previously - e.g. I had known her before
august (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) at or in the front - e.g. I see the lights of a town ahead
breakfast (meal) - (noun) the first meal of the day (usually in the morning) - e.g.
breakfast (eat) - (verb) eat an early morning meal - e.g. We breakfast at seven
breakfast (feed) - (verb) provide breakfast for - e.g.
century (time period) - (noun) a period of 100 years - e.g.
century (time period) - (noun) ten 10s - e.g.
christmas (season) - (noun) period extending from Dec. 24 to Jan. 6 - e.g.
christmas (legal holiday) - (noun) a Christian holiday celebrating the birth of Christ; a quarter day in England, Wales, and Ireland - e.g.
christmas (legal holiday) - (noun) period extending from Dec. 24 to Jan. 6 - e.g.
christmas (legal holiday) - (noun) a Christian holiday celebrating the birth of Christ; a quarter day in England, Wales, and Ireland - e.g.
daily (newspaper) - (noun) a newspaper that is published every day - e.g.
date (day) - (noun) the specified day of the month - e.g. what is the date today?
date (companion) - (noun) a participant in a date - e.g. his date never stopped talking
date (meeting) - (noun) a meeting arranged in advance - e.g. she asked how to avoid kissing at the end of a date
date (point) - (noun) a particular but unspecified point in time - e.g. they hoped to get together at an early date
date (present) - (noun) the present - e.g. they are up to date
date (calendar month) - (noun) the particular day, month, or year (usually according to the Gregorian calendar) that an event occurred - e.g. he tried to memorizes all the dates for his history class
date (day) - (noun) a particular day specified as the time something happens - e.g. the date of the election is set by law
date (edible fruit) - (noun) sweet edible fruit of the date palm with a single long woody seed - e.g.
date (go out) - (verb) go on a date with - e.g. Tonight she is dating a former high school sweetheart
date (stamp) - (verb) stamp with a date - e.g. The package is dated November 24
date (determine) - (verb) assign a date to; determine the (probable) date of - e.g. Scientists often cannot date precisely archeological or prehistorical findings
date (determine) - (verb) date regularly; have a steady relationship with - e.g. Did you know that she is seeing an older man?
date (supply) - (verb) provide with a dateline; mark with a date - e.g. She wrote the letter on Monday but she dated it Saturday so as not to reveal that she procrastinated
dawn (hour) - (noun) the first light of day - e.g. we got up before dawn
dawn (start) - (noun) the earliest period - e.g. the dawn of civilization
dawn (time period) - (noun) an opening time period - e.g. it was the dawn of the Roman Empire
dawn (time period) - (noun) become clear or enter one's consciousness or emotions - e.g. It dawned on him that she had betrayed him
dawn (begin) - (verb) appear or develop - e.g. The age of computers had dawned
dawn (change) - (verb) become light - e.g. It started to dawn, and we had to get up
day (time unit) - (noun) time for Earth to make a complete rotation on its axis - e.g. two days later they left
day (time) - (noun) some point or period in time - e.g. it should arrive any day now
day (calendar day) - (noun) a day assigned to a particular purpose or observance - e.g. Mother's Day
day (time period) - (noun) the time after sunrise and before sunset while it is light outside - e.g. the dawn turned night into day
day (work time) - (noun) the recurring hours when you are not sleeping (especially those when you are working) - e.g. my day began early this morning
day (era) - (noun) an era of existence or influence - e.g. in the day of the dinosaurs
day (time period) - (noun) the period of time taken by a particular planet (e.g. Mars) to make a complete rotation on its axis - e.g. how long is a day on Jupiter?
day (time period) - (noun) the time for one complete rotation of the earth relative to a particular star, about 4 minutes shorter than a mean solar day - e.g.
day (opportunity) - (noun) a period of opportunity - e.g. he deserves his day in court
day (time unit) - (noun) time for Earth to make a complete rotation on its axis - e.g. two days later they left
day (time) - (noun) some point or period in time - e.g. it should arrive any day now
day (calendar day) - (noun) a day assigned to a particular purpose or observance - e.g. Mother's Day
day (time period) - (noun) the time after sunrise and before sunset while it is light outside - e.g. the dawn turned night into day
day (work time) - (noun) the recurring hours when you are not sleeping (especially those when you are working) - e.g. my day began early this morning
day (era) - (noun) an era of existence or influence - e.g. in the day of the dinosaurs
day (time period) - (noun) the period of time taken by a particular planet (e.g. Mars) to make a complete rotation on its axis - e.g. how long is a day on Jupiter?
day (time period) - (noun) the time for one complete rotation of the earth relative to a particular star, about 4 minutes shorter than a mean solar day - e.g.
day (opportunity) - (noun) a period of opportunity - e.g. he deserves his day in court
day (opportunity) - (noun) the first light of day - e.g. we got up before dawn
decade (time period) - (noun) a period of 10 years - e.g.
decade (time period) - (noun) the cardinal number that is the sum of nine and one; the base of the decimal system - e.g.
dec (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the last (12th) month of the year - e.g.
dec (angular distance) - (noun) (astronomy) the angular distance of a celestial body north or to the south of the celestial equator; expressed in degrees; used with right ascension to specify positions on the celestial sphere - e.g.
december (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the last (12th) month of the year - e.g.
december (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the time of day immediately following sunset - e.g. he loved the twilight
dusk (darken) - (verb) become dusk - e.g.
easter (movable feast) - (noun) a Christian celebration of the Resurrection of Christ; celebrated on the Sunday following the first full moon after the vernal equinox - e.g.
easter (movable feast) - (noun) a wind from the east - e.g.
easter (movable feast) - (noun) a Christian celebration of the Resurrection of Christ; celebrated on the Sunday following the first full moon after the vernal equinox - e.g.
easter (movable feast) - (noun) a wind from the east - e.g.
easter (movable feast) - (noun) a period marked by distinctive character or reckoned from a fixed point or event - e.g.
epoch (date) - (noun) (astronomy) an arbitrarily fixed date that is the point in time relative to which information (as coordinates of a celestial body) is recorded - e.g.
epoch (geological time) - (noun) a unit of geological time that is a subdivision of a period and is itself divided into ages - e.g.
equinox (cosmic time) - (noun) either of two times of the year when the sun crosses the plane of the earth's equator and day and night are of equal length - e.g.
equinox (cosmic time) - (noun) (astronomy) either of the two celestial points at which the celestial equator intersects the ecliptic - e.g.
era (time period) - (noun) a period marked by distinctive character or reckoned from a fixed point or event - e.g.
era (geological time) - (noun) a major division of geological time; an era is usually divided into two or more periods - e.g.
era (geological time) - (noun) (baseball) a measure of a pitcher's effectiveness; calculated as the average number of earned runs allowed by the pitcher for every nine innings pitched - e.g.
evening (day) - (noun) the latter part of the day (the period of decreasing daylight from late afternoon until nightfall) - e.g. he enjoyed the evening light across the lake
evening (time period) - (noun) a later concluding time period - e.g. it was the evening of the Roman Empire
evening (time period) - (noun) the early part of night (from dinner until bedtime) spent in a special way - e.g. an evening at the opera
evening (time period) - (noun) make level or straight - e.g. level the ground
evening (time period) - (noun) become even or more even - e.g. even out the surface
evening (time period) - (noun) make even or more even - e.g.
feb (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following January and preceding March - e.g.
february (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following January and preceding March - e.g.
fortnight (time period) - (noun) a period of fourteen consecutive days - e.g. most major tennis tournaments last a fortnight
fri (weekday) - (noun) the sixth day of the week; the fifth working day - e.g.
friday (weekday) - (noun) the sixth day of the week; the fifth working day - e.g.
future (time) - (noun) the time yet to come - e.g.
future (tense) - (noun) a verb tense that expresses actions or states in the future - e.g.
future (commodity) - (noun) bulk commodities bought or sold at an agreed price for delivery at a specified future date - e.g.
halloween (day) - (noun) the evening before All Saints' Day; often devoted to pranks played by young people - e.g.
hour (time unit) - (noun) a period of time equal to 1/24th of a day - e.g. the job will take more than an hour
hour (clock time) - (noun) clock time - e.g. the hour is getting late
hour (time period) - (noun) a special and memorable period - e.g. it was their finest hour
hour (distance) - (noun) distance measured by the time taken to cover it - e.g. we live an hour from the airport
jan (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the first month of the year; begins 10 days after the winter solstice - e.g.
january (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the first month of the year; begins 10 days after the winter solstice - e.g.
july (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following June and preceding August - e.g.
june (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following May and preceding July - e.g.
lunch (meal) - (noun) a midday meal - e.g.
lunch (eat) - (verb) take the midday meal - e.g. At what time are you lunching?
lunch (feed) - (verb) provide a midday meal for - e.g. She lunched us well
mar (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following February and preceding April - e.g.
mar (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) a mark or flaw that spoils the appearance of something (especially on a person's body) - e.g. a facial blemish
mar (damage) - (verb) make imperfect - e.g. nothing marred her beauty
mar (damage) - (verb) destroy or injure severely - e.g. mutilated bodies
march (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following February and preceding April - e.g.
march (walk) - (noun) the act of marching; walking with regular steps (especially in a procession of some kind) - e.g. it was a long march
march (progress) - (noun) a steady advance - e.g. the march of science
march (procession) - (noun) a procession of people walking together - e.g. the march went up Fifth Avenue
march (procession) - (noun) district consisting of the area on either side of a border or boundary of a country or an area - e.g. the Welsh marches between England and Wales
march (music genre) - (noun) genre of music written for marching - e.g. Sousa wrote the best marches
march (music genre) - (noun) a degree granted for the successful completion of advanced study of architecture - e.g.
march (walk) - (verb) march in a procession - e.g. They processed into the dining room
march (walk) - (verb) force to march - e.g. The Japanese marched their prisoners through Manchuria
march (walk) - (verb) walk fast, with regular or measured steps; walk with a stride - e.g. He marched into the classroom and announced the exam
march (walk) - (verb) march in protest; take part in a demonstration - e.g. Thousands demonstrated against globalization during the meeting of the most powerful economic nations in Seattle
march (walk) - (verb) walk ostentatiously - e.g. She parades her new husband around town
march (walk) - (verb) cause to march or go at a marching pace - e.g. They marched the mules into the desert
march (walk) - (verb) lie adjacent to another or share a boundary - e.g. Canada adjoins the U.S.
may (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following April and preceding June - e.g.
may (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) thorny Eurasian shrub of small tree having dense clusters of white to scarlet flowers followed by deep red berries; established as an escape in eastern North America - e.g.
microsecond (time unit) - (noun) one millionth (10^-6) of a second; one thousandth of a millisecond - e.g.
microsecond (time unit) - (noun) the middle of the day - e.g.
midnight (hour) - (noun) 12 o'clock at night; the middle of the night - e.g. young children should not be allowed to stay up until midnight
millisecond (time unit) - (noun) one thousandth (10^-3) of a second - e.g.
minute (time unit) - (noun) a unit of time equal to 60 seconds or 1/60th of an hour - e.g. he ran a 4 minute mile
minute (time unit) - (noun) an indefinitely short time - e.g. wait just a moment
minute (time unit) - (noun) a particular point in time - e.g. the moment he arrived the party began
minute (angular unit) - (noun) a unit of angular distance equal to a 60th of a degree - e.g.
minute (note) - (noun) a short note - e.g. the secretary keeps the minutes of the meeting
minute (note) - (noun) distance measured by the time taken to cover it - e.g. we live an hour from the airport
minute (note) - (noun) infinitely or immeasurably small - e.g. two minute whiplike threads of protoplasm
mon (weekday) - (noun) the second day of the week; the first working day - e.g.
mon (buddhist) - (noun) a member of a Buddhist people living in Myanmar and adjacent parts of Thailand - e.g.
mon (mon-khmer) - (noun) the Mon-Khmer language spoken by the Mon - e.g.
monday (weekday) - (noun) the second day of the week; the first working day - e.g.
monday (weekday) - (noun) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year - e.g. he paid the bill last month
month (time unit) - (noun) a time unit of approximately 30 days - e.g. he was given a month to pay the bill
monthly (series) - (noun) a periodical that is published every month (or 12 issues per year) - e.g.
morning (time period) - (noun) the time period between dawn and noon - e.g. I spent the morning running errands
morning (time period) - (noun) a conventional expression of greeting or farewell - e.g.
morning (time period) - (noun) the first light of day - e.g. we got up before dawn
morning (time period) - (noun) the earliest period - e.g. the dawn of civilization
nanosecond (time unit) - (noun) one billionth (10^-9) of a second; one thousandth of a microsecond - e.g.
night (time period) - (noun) the time after sunset and before sunrise while it is dark outside - e.g.
night (time period) - (noun) a period of ignorance or backwardness or gloom - e.g.
night (time period) - (noun) the period spent sleeping - e.g. I had a restless night
night (time unit) - (noun) the dark part of the diurnal cycle considered a time unit - e.g. three nights later he collapsed
night (dark) - (noun) darkness - e.g. it vanished into the night
night (twilight) - (noun) a shortening of nightfall - e.g. they worked from morning to night
night (time period) - (noun) the time between sunset and midnight - e.g. he watched television every night
night (time period) - (noun) Roman goddess of night; daughter of Erebus; counterpart of Greek Nyx - e.g.
night (time period) - (noun) the time of day immediately following sunset - e.g. he loved the twilight
noon (hour) - (noun) the middle of the day - e.g.
nov (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following October and preceding December - e.g.
november (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following October and preceding December - e.g.
now (present) - (noun) the momentary present - e.g. Now is a good time to do it
oct (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following September and preceding November - e.g.
october (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following September and preceding November - e.g.
october (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) after noon - e.g.
october (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) between noon and midnight - e.g. let's meet at 8 P.M.
past (time) - (noun) the time that has elapsed - e.g. forget the past
past (time period) - (noun) a earlier period in someone's life (especially one that they have reason to keep secret) - e.g. reporters dug into the candidate's past
past (tense) - (noun) a verb tense that expresses actions or states in the past - e.g.
present (time) - (noun) the period of time that is happening now; any continuous stretch of time including the moment of speech - e.g. that is enough for the present
present (gift) - (noun) something presented as a gift - e.g. his tie was a present from his wife
present (tense) - (noun) a verb tense that expresses actions or states at the time of speaking - e.g.
present (tense) - (noun) give an exhibition of to an interested audience - e.g. She shows her dogs frequently
present (state) - (verb) bring forward and present to the mind - e.g. We presented the arguments to him
present (state) - (verb) perform (a play), especially on a stage - e.g. we are going to stage `Othello'
present (give) - (verb) hand over formally - e.g.
present (constitute) - (verb) introduce - e.g. This poses an interesting question
present (constitute) - (verb) give, especially as an honor or reward - e.g. bestow honors and prizes at graduation
present (constitute) - (verb) give as a present; make a gift of - e.g. What will you give her for her birthday?
present (constitute) - (verb) deliver (a speech, oration, or idea) - e.g. The commencement speaker presented a forceful speech that impressed the students
present (constitute) - (verb) cause to come to know personally - e.g. permit me to acquaint you with my son
present (constitute) - (verb) represent abstractly, for example in a painting, drawing, or sculpture - e.g. The father is portrayed as a good-looking man in this painting
present (constitute) - (verb) present somebody with something, usually to accuse or criticize - e.g. We confronted him with the evidence
present (introduce) - (verb) formally present a debutante, a representative of a country, etc. - e.g.
present (introduce) - (verb) recognize with a gesture prescribed by a military regulation; assume a prescribed position - e.g. When the officers show up, the soldiers have to salute
sat (weekday) - (noun) the seventh and last day of the week; observed as the Sabbath by Jews and some Christians - e.g.
sat (weekday) - (noun) be seated - e.g.
sat (weekday) - (noun) be around, often idly or without specific purpose - e.g. The object sat in the corner
sat (weekday) - (noun) take a seat - e.g.
sat (weekday) - (noun) be in session - e.g. When does the court of law sit?
sat (weekday) - (noun) assume a posture as for artistic purposes - e.g. We don't know the woman who posed for Leonardo so often
sat (weekday) - (noun) sit and travel on the back of animal, usually while controlling its motions - e.g. She never sat a horse!
sat (weekday) - (noun) be located or situated somewhere - e.g. The White House sits on Pennsylvania Avenue
sat (weekday) - (noun) work or act as a baby-sitter; I have too much homework to do" - e.g. I cannot baby-sit tonight
sat (weekday) - (noun) show to a seat; assign a seat for - e.g. The host seated me next to Mrs. Smith
sat (weekday) - (noun) serve in a specific professional capacity - e.g. the priest sat for confession
saturday (weekday) - (noun) the seventh and last day of the week; observed as the Sabbath by Jews and some Christians - e.g.
season (time period) - (noun) a period of the year marked by special events or activities in some field - e.g. he celebrated his 10th season with the ballet company
season (time period) - (noun) one of the natural periods into which the year is divided by the equinoxes and solstices or atmospheric conditions - e.g. the regular sequence of the seasons
season (time period) - (noun) a recurrent time marked by major holidays - e.g. it was the Christmas season
second (time unit) - (noun) 1/60 of a minute; the basic unit of time adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites - e.g.
second (time unit) - (noun) an indefinitely short time - e.g. wait just a moment
second (position) - (noun) the fielding position of the player on a baseball team who is stationed near the second of the bases in the infield - e.g.
second (position) - (noun) a particular point in time - e.g. the moment he arrived the party began
second (rank) - (noun) following the first in an ordering or series - e.g. he came in a close second
second (angular unit) - (noun) a 60th part of a minute of arc - e.g. the treasure is 2 minutes and 45 seconds south of here
second (attendant) - (noun) the official attendant of a contestant in a duel or boxing match - e.g.
second (agreement) - (noun) a speech seconding a motion - e.g. do I hear a second?
second (gear) - (noun) the gear that has the second lowest forward gear ratio in the gear box of a motor vehicle - e.g. he had to shift down into second to make the hill
second (gear) - (noun) merchandise that has imperfections; usually sold at a reduced price without the brand name - e.g.
second (support) - (verb) give support or one's approval to - e.g. I'll second that motion
second (transfer) - (verb) transfer an employee to a different, temporary assignment - e.g. The officer was seconded for duty overseas
semester (school term) - (noun) one of two divisions of an academic year - e.g.
semester (time period) - (noun) half a year; a period of 6 months - e.g.
sep (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following August and preceding October - e.g.
september (gregorian calendar month) - (noun) the month following August and preceding October - e.g.
spring (season) - (noun) the season of growth - e.g. the emerging buds were a sure sign of spring
spring (elastic device) - (noun) a metal elastic device that returns to its shape or position when pushed or pulled or pressed - e.g. the spring was broken
spring (geological formation) - (noun) a natural flow of ground water - e.g.
spring (beginning) - (noun) a point at which water issues forth - e.g.
spring (beginning) - (noun) the elasticity of something that can be stretched and returns to its original length - e.g.
spring (beginning) - (noun) a light, self-propelled movement upwards or forwards - e.g.
spring (beginning) - (noun) move forward by leaps and bounds - e.g. The horse bounded across the meadow
spring (beginning) - (noun) develop into a distinctive entity - e.g. our plans began to take shape
spring (beginning) - (noun) spring back; spring away from an impact - e.g. The rubber ball bounced
spring (grow) - (verb) develop suddenly - e.g. The tire sprang a leak
spring (unwrap) - (verb) produce or disclose suddenly or unexpectedly - e.g. He sprang these news on me just as I was leaving
summer (season) - (noun) the warmest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the summer solstice to the autumnal equinox - e.g. they spent a lazy summer at the shore
summer (time of life) - (noun) the period of finest development, happiness, or beauty - e.g. the golden summer of his life
summer (spend) - (verb) spend the summer - e.g. We summered in Kashmir
sunday (rest day) - (noun) first day of the week; observed as a day of rest and worship by most Christians - e.g.
sunday (rest day) - (noun) the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon - e.g.
sunday (rest day) - (noun) the first light of day - e.g. we got up before dawn
sunrise (atmospheric phenomenon) - (noun) atmospheric phenomena accompanying the daily appearance of the sun - e.g.
sunrise (periodic event) - (noun) the daily event of the sun rising above the horizon - e.g.
sunset (hour) - (noun) the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon - e.g.
sunset (atmospheric phenomenon) - (noun) atmospheric phenomena accompanying the daily disappearance of the sun - e.g.
sunset (periodic event) - (noun) the daily event of the sun sinking below the horizon - e.g.
supper (meal) - (noun) a light evening meal; served in early evening if dinner is at midday or served late in the evening at bedtime - e.g.
supper (social gathering) - (noun) a social gathering where a light evening meal is served - e.g. her suppers often included celebrities
then (point) - (noun) that time; that moment - e.g. we will arrive before then
time (case) - (noun) an instance or single occasion for some event - e.g. this time he succeeded
time (time period) - (noun) a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something - e.g. take time to smell the roses
time (time period) - (noun) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities) - e.g. he waited a long time
time (moment) - (noun) a suitable moment - e.g. it is time to go
time (attribute) - (noun) the continuum of experience in which events pass from the future through the present to the past - e.g.
time (experience) - (noun) a person's experience on a particular occasion - e.g. he had a time holding back the tears
time (experience) - (noun) a reading of a point in time as given by a clock - e.g. do you know what time it is?
time (experience) - (noun) the fourth coordinate that is required (along with three spatial dimensions) to specify a physical event - e.g.
time (experience) - (noun) rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration - e.g.
time (experience) - (noun) the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned - e.g. he served a prison term of 15 months
time (experience) - (noun) measure the time or duration of an event or action or the person who performs an action in a certain period of time - e.g. he clocked the runners
time (schedule) - (verb) assign a time for an activity or event - e.g. The candidate carefully timed his appearance at the disaster scene
time (determine) - (verb) set the speed, duration, or execution of - e.g. we time the process to manufacture our cars very precisely
time (adjust) - (verb) regulate or set the time of - e.g. time the clock
time (adjust) - (verb) adjust so that a force is applied and an action occurs at the desired time - e.g. The good player times his swing so as to hit the ball squarely
today (present) - (noun) the present time or age - e.g. the world of today
today (day) - (noun) the day that includes the present moment (as opposed to yesterday or tomorrow) - e.g. Today is beautiful
today (day) - (noun) in these times - e.g. it is solely by their language that the upper classes nowadays are distinguished"- Nancy Mitford
tomorrow (day) - (noun) the day after today - e.g. what are our tasks for tomorrow?
tomorrow (future) - (noun) the near future - e.g. tomorrow's world
trimester (time period) - (noun) a period of three months; especially one of the three three-month periods into which human pregnancy is divided - e.g.
trimester (school term) - (noun) one of three divisions of an academic year - e.g.
trimester (school term) - (noun) thin and fit - e.g. the spare figure of a marathon runner
trimester (school term) - (noun) of places; characterized by order and neatness; free from disorder - e.g. even the barn was shipshape
trimester (school term) - (noun) neat and smart in appearance - e.g. a clean-cut and well-bred young man
trimester (school term) - (noun) severely simple in line or design - e.g. a neat tailored suit
tuesday (weekday) - (noun) the third day of the week; the second working day - e.g.
twilight (hour) - (noun) the time of day immediately following sunset - e.g. he loved the twilight
twilight (light) - (noun) the diffused light from the sky when the sun is below the horizon but its rays are refracted by the atmosphere of the earth - e.g.
twilight (decline) - (noun) a condition of decline following successes - e.g. in the twilight of the empire
twilight (decline) - (noun) lighted by or as if by twilight - e.g. The dusky night rides down the sky/And ushers in the morn"-Henry Fielding
wednesday (weekday) - (noun) the fourth day of the week; the third working day - e.g.
week (time period) - (noun) any period of seven consecutive days - e.g. it rained for a week
week (time period) - (noun) hours or days of work in a calendar week - e.g. they worked a 40-hour week
week (time period) - (noun) a period of seven consecutive days starting on Sunday - e.g.
weekly (series) - (noun) a periodical that is published every week (or 52 issues per year) - e.g.
winter (season) - (noun) the coldest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the winter solstice to the vernal equinox - e.g.
winter (spend) - (verb) spend the winter - e.g. We wintered on the Riviera
year (time period) - (noun) a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days - e.g. she is 4 years old
year (time period) - (noun) a period of time occupying a regular part of a calendar year that is used for some particular activity - e.g. a school year
year (time period) - (noun) the period of time that it takes for a planet (as, e.g., Earth or Mars) to make a complete revolution around the sun - e.g. a Martian year takes 687 of our days
year (time period) - (noun) a body of students who graduate together - e.g. the class of '97
year (time period) - (noun) a reference book that is published regularly once every year - e.g.
year (time period) - (noun) occurring or payable every year - e.g. an annual trip to Paris
year (time period) - (noun) without missing a year - e.g. they travel to China annually
yesterday (day) - (noun) the day immediately before today - e.g. it was in yesterday's newspapers
yesterday (past) - (noun) the recent past - e.g. yesterday's solutions are not good enough
